<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE></TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="LibreOffice 3.6  (Linux)">
	<META NAME="AUTHOR" CONTENT="Joanna Smith">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20130219;7440000">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20130713;14394800">
	<META NAME="AppVersion" CONTENT="12.0000">
	<META NAME="Company" CONTENT="the Farrow Clinic">
	<META NAME="DocSecurity" CONTENT="0">
	<META NAME="HyperlinksChanged" CONTENT="false">
	<META NAME="LinksUpToDate" CONTENT="false">
	<META NAME="ScaleCrop" CONTENT="false">
	<META NAME="ShareDoc" CONTENT="false">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		@page { size: 8.27in 11.69in; margin-left: 1.25in; margin-right: 1.25in; margin-top: 1in; margin-bottom: 1in }
		P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; direction: ltr; color: #000000; widows: 2; orphans: 2 }
		H1 { margin-bottom: 0.08in; direction: ltr; color: #000000; widows: 2; orphans: 2 }
		H1.western { font-family: "Liberation Sans", sans-serif; font-size: 16pt }
		H1.cjk { font-family: "DejaVu Sans"; font-size: 16pt }
		H1.ctl { font-family: "Lohit Hindi"; font-size: 16pt }
		H2 { margin-bottom: 0.08in; direction: ltr; color: #000000; widows: 2; orphans: 2 }
		H2.western { font-family: "Liberation Sans", sans-serif; font-size: 14pt; font-style: italic }
		H2.cjk { font-size: 14pt; font-style: italic }
		H2.ctl { font-family: "Lohit Hindi"; font-size: 14pt; font-style: italic }
		A:link { color: #0000d4; so-language: zxx }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-US" TEXT="#000000" LINK="#0000d4" DIR="LTR">
<H1 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Edelweiss Ski Meeting
19/02/2013</SPAN></H1>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Attendance</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Peri Mc Donald, Joanna Jackson, Martin Brown,
Hamish &amp; Jodi Farrow, Peter Twomey, Bill Farrow (after a 5 year
absence!), Judy McCowan, Mandy ?</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Apologies</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">None</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">General Business</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Accept minutes of October 2012</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Proposed by HF, MB seconded, carried.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Fires</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">No loss to property on the mountain.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Bookings</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Bookings open for a week at a time.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Philosophy is that a week long bookings during
peak season is more valuable to the club, than shorter stays.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">From 1 May 2013, the winter bookings are open.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Treasurer’s report</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Judy McCowan</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Letter from ANZ in relation to unclaimed
monies.  Edelweiss must transact at least once every 3 years.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Bank balance: $99,978 in ANZ and $24,084 in
Westpac as of 1 January 2013.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Insurance Company (Rawlings) is concerned about
the suspensions wires supports attaching the building to the rock
wall and stability of the lodge.  Also the ongoing structural
integrity of the whole building. </SPAN>
</P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Bill commented that the cables were always part
of the structure.  Potentially to build a net (?).</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Insurance issue must be resolved by the 1 March
2013.  Martin will put something in writing to the insurers.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Judy to find out insurance replacement amount
for the lodge.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Judy still needs to get access to the banks.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Cabin Manager’s Report</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Martin Brown</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Visited the lodge in January.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">The main ducting under the meals area has been
shredded (perhaps by an animal?).  That will need to be fixed before
winter.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">There are some new un-opened lengths of ducting
under the lodge.  A volunteer may be needed to install.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">There is a water leak under the lodge for
middle toilet hand basin.  Water pours out under the lodge.  No
access from below… might have to go in from above.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">External decking is rotten and needs to be
repaired.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Leak in the roof, causes water to come into the
drying room.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">There is no access to the mountain for 2-3
months due to the risk of fallen trees.  So no opportunity for work
party in that timeframe.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Building report items needs to be done before
this year’s season.  Hamish and Martin will liaise with a building
surveyor acting on behalf of Mt Hotham Resort Management.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Items for resort management:</SPAN></P>
<UL>
	<LI><P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Solid core doors with self closers –
	Martin measured up.</SPAN></P>
	<LI><P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">There is a smoke alarm in the basement.</SPAN></P>
	<LI><P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Locks to comply with Australian Standards.</SPAN></P>
	<LI><P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Thermal moniter in the drying room.</SPAN></P>
	<LI><P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">New smoke alarm in the vestibule.</SPAN></P>
</UL>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Martin has done operating instructions for the
lodge. For Bill to upload to the website.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">It was noted that 2 doonas have been replaced
with Target doonas, which was considered odd.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Redevelopment Update</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Peri McDonald</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Trevor Chick, to get a builder to examine
structural integrity of the building, in relation to the potential
expansion of the building.  </SPAN>
</P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">He thinks the building is at the end of its
natural life.  Stage 1 (additional bedroom &amp; bathroom
re-configeration) potentially 100K – 150K in those works alone. 
Asbestos in roof etc…  He can do a cost of works on re-building
(new build option) by the end of March.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Estimate of $3,000 – $3,300 per sqm.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">John Castran did a physical inspection.  He
said don’t do anything.  At the very least you will need a building
report to get a new lease.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Car parking has previously been an issue for
additional beds.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Hamish floats the idea of a vote by all members
on whether to proceed development or let the issue rest.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">If the re-development option is too expensive,
we can look at the cost of alternative accommodation, which can
perhaps be put to a vote.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Do we need to “make good” on the site if
the lease is up. ie remove all buildings.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Roof needs new nails.  Andrew Gray is a roof
doctor and might inspect.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Peter T opened the discussion of the club
entity type and structure to allow for viable funding opportunities.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">General Business</SPAN></H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Unauthorised use.</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">The ideas of motion sensor, smart metre or
camera as a deterrent.</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Next Meeting</H2>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Date for next meeting: AGM on Tues 25th June</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Please RSVP to confirm numbers!</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">17 Madden Grove </SPAN>
</P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Kew. 98527978</SPAN></P>
<P><SPAN LANG="en-AU">7:30</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western"><SPAN LANG="en-AU">Meeting Closed.</SPAN></H2>
</BODY>
</HTML>