<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE></TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="OpenOffice.org 3.2  (Unix)">
	<META NAME="AUTHOR" CONTENT="Bill Farrow">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20111107;20325900">
	<META NAME="CHANGEDBY" CONTENT="Bill Farrow">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20111107;20475100">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		@page { margin: 0.79in }
		P { margin-bottom: 0.08in }
		H1 { margin-bottom: 0.08in }
		H1.western { font-family: "Arial", sans-serif; font-size: 16pt }
		H1.cjk { font-family: "DejaVu Sans"; font-size: 16pt }
		H1.ctl { font-family: "DejaVu Sans"; font-size: 16pt }
		H2 { margin-bottom: 0.08in }
		H2.western { font-family: "Arial", sans-serif; font-size: 14pt; font-style: italic }
		H2.cjk { font-size: 14pt; font-style: italic }
		H2.ctl { font-size: 14pt; font-style: italic }
		H3 { margin-bottom: 0.08in }
		H3.western { font-family: "Arial", sans-serif }
		A:link { so-language: zxx }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-US" DIR="LTR">
<H1 CLASS="western">Minutes of Edelweiss Meeting</H1>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">8.00pm, October 25<SUP>th</SUP> 2011,
held at Hamish and Jodie Farrow’s home.</P>
<H3 CLASS="western">Present</H3>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Judy McCowan, Andrew Gray, Hamish
Farrow, Jodie Farrow, Kate Jackson, Pete Twomey, Peri  McDonald</P>
<H3 CLASS="western">Apologies</H3>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Mathew Gray, George McCowan, Jo
Jackson, Shirl and Gil Farrow, Scott McAllister, Elizabeth Laws,
Caroline and Bernard Ryan, Kerry Harry, Martin Brown</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Open</H2>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Minutes taken by Hamish in Scott’s
absence.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Previous minutes tabled and accepted
-proposed by Kate, seconded by Peter</P>
<H3 CLASS="western">President’s report</H3>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Hamish reported on the Hero Pass –
for a season pass at Hotham at very attractive rates. Offer is now
closed but the mountain offered a season's pass for the same cost a 7
day tickets , allowing use also at Falls Creek.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">He spoke of communication difficulty
using emails, needing mobile numbers for more urgent replies.  The
membership list should be updated with mobile phone numbers, but also
the age and names of junior members, especially new children, updated
email addresses to put on SKI. (Scott)</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Hamish emphasized that we need to
tighten up on meetings – minutes and pre-warnings of meetings,
especially to allow the decisions round issues like extending the
Lease / redevelopment to be argued and decided.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">He particularly argues for an AGM with
‘presence’, encouraging as full attendance as possible for this
meeting, so the club can feel like a club, not just faceless names.
The other meetings are less important and may be ‘process’
meetings with just a quorum.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<H3 CLASS="western">Treasurer’s report</H3>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><B><SPAN LANG="en-US"><FONT FACE="Times New Roman, serif"><FONT SIZE=3>Bank
balances: $25000 westpac. $93000 anz</FONT></FONT></SPAN></B></P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Subs setting – we need to align subs
to fixed costs and recurrent expenditure – during the past four
years these have grown by an average 7%, so increase for 2011 is
recommended as: for Members from $425 to $450, Spouse subs from $65
to $80, nil for Junior Members.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">An increase to the Work Party levy –
previously set at $65 - was also proposed, to $80. This is levied to
cover costs of work (including work done by contractors eg fire
clearance), the costs to restock the cabin with basics (toilet paper
etc) and food and +/- petrol (for those who choose to claim) to cover
costs of work party.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">We rely on the work party crews, and
work parties should be fun, those able to offer their time and
expertise given good support . It is proposed the levy should form a
budget to be allocated at the Cabin Manager’s discretion. Judy to
discuss this with Martin.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Proposed Member subs to increase from
$425 to $450</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Spouse from $65 to $80</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Work Party levy from $65 to $80</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Judy proposed and Hamish seconded. All
carried by vote.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">There was also discussion re changes to
Cabin Fees. It was agreed that the following changes were made:</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Full members … $20/night,</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Child of member under 18 …
	$10/night</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Member levy for guests …High
	Peak $50, Low Peak $30</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Guest child under 18 … $20 High
	Peak, $10 Low Peak</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Summer $10 / night, capped at $50
	for the lodge</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Proposed Peri / Jodie and carried.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Discussion, initiated by Kate, was held
regarding spousal membership – should the fee for this be equal and
therefore have an equal standing? Would this lower the individual
rate?</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Further discussion was held re a levy
against all members yearly for 10 years to build a development fund. 
This emphasized the need for further discussion by as many members as
possible (for formal approval ?) at the next meeting.  (Issues
including the value of a membership if we demutualise.)</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Public Office statement has been
submitted.</P>
<H3 CLASS="western">Cabin Manager Report</H3>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">absent – no issues raised.</P>
<H3 CLASS="western">Development</H3>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Peri presented proposed plans for
development designed to fulfill requirements to gain extension of the
Lease. With documentation prepared by Peri and his architect wife
Suzanne, he looked at the brief of a smaller redevelopment to gain a
new lease, trying to keep costs at close to $100,000, based on
another lodge’s successful re-securing of a lease.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Features of the plans include:</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Intentions to improve bathrooms and
sleeping as a priority.</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">First stage 1 - - demolish current
	toilets and showers and combining them as bathrooms. Turn last
	bedroom on L into corridor, then add a room on the Western end –
	and keep the bed numbers the same – though this is not a
	prerequisite for the lease tho it may cost more for carparking if
	bed numbers ere increased etc.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Stage 2 –moves the living area
	to take advantage of the view, and uses the existing footprint for
	the redevelopment.</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">We will be getting a building surveyor
to look at the current rules including current fire protection
legislation to see what this redevelopment will generate in terms of
extra costs too.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Times New Roman, serif"><FONT SIZE=3><B><SPAN LANG="en-US">We
will put these plans online – please notify Judy if you want a
printed copy</SPAN></B></FONT></FONT></P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Andrew Gray mentioned the roof’s
problems – leak proofing and cladding need to occur. This may lead
to consideration starting from new (knock down) as compared to
refurbishment. Building code considerations need to be complied with
too.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Comparison needs to be done between
refurbishment re rebuild to the stage 2 level.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">To get a new lease we will have to
commit capital. How we choose to use this capital also considers the
financial structure of the club. Aim is to ensure a lease and improve
the amenity.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Plan is to have a refurbishment
committee to agree on the costs to develop the plan and come up with
a budget – Sandy, Peri, Judy and Hamish.  Proposed Hamish second
Andrew and carried.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Correspondence from Board re fire
maintenance was brought up –Hamish to check with Martin and ensure
this will happen regarding clearing – employing last year’s or
another gang to clear.</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Meeting ended at 10.00pm</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Next meeting</H2>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">6<SUP>th</SUP> December 2011 at 7.30pm</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Peri’s Macdonald</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">270 Bluff Rd</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Sandringham</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">We hope this will be an exciting
meeting – come to hear about the plans and meet the architect too !
There will also be discussion of a redevelopment levy, so if you have
a view, please contribute !</P>
<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>