<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE></TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="LibreOffice 3.6  (Linux)">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20130713;14025400">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20130713;14160600">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		H2.ctl { font-family: "Lohit Hindi" }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-US" DIR="LTR">
<H1>Edelweiss Ski Meeting 29/10/2012</H1>
<H2 CLASS="western">Attendance</H2>
<P>Peri Mc Donald, Marga Mc Donald, Joanna Jackson, Martin Brown ,
Andrew Gray, Sandy Clark, Hamish &amp; Jodi Farrow, Peter Twomey,
Ingrid and Bill</P>
<P>Mitton, Charissima McDonald, Elise Harry</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Apologies</H2>
<P>Judy McCowan, Elizabeth Laws, Kerry Harry,</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Minutes of Previous Meeting</H2>
<P>Accept minutes of AGM 2012</P>
<P>Proposed Sandy Clark, Marga McDonald seconded, carried.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Mathew Gray</H2>
<P>Sandy and Hamish conducted their own investigations, by speaking
to members individually, and found that most issues raised in
relation to</P>
<P>Matthew Gray were history &amp; heresay. Matthew has declined the
Edelweiss membership by email to the President and has a further
phone call to discuss the matter. It is proposed to suspend the issue
of membership for a further year (normally by 21 years of age) to
allow for him to review taking up an adult membership, given the
issues raised in the last meeting.</P>
<P>Proposed Hamish Farrow and Sandy Seconded, Carried. Unanimously
agreed.</P>
<P>Alicia Gray has tendered her resignation to the club.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Resort entry pricing</H2>
<P>Earlybird pass available for resort entry, day passes etc..</P>
<P>All cars must now carry diamond pattern chains.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Treasurer's report</H2>
<P>Judy McCowan</P>
<P>$97,000 in ANZ and $20,000 in Westpac.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Cabin Manager's Report</H2>
<P>Martin Brown</P>
<P>Feedback from Scott McNair - heater gets condensation back into
the unit. The flu needs to be realigned to allow proper air flow.</P>
<P>Problem with feral cats. A cage has been put under the decking,
with no cats caught to date. Franciana has seen a tabby cat below the
cabin.</P>
<P>Investigate rat &amp; stoat trap - &quot;Goodnature A24&quot;.
Hamish will investigate.</P>
<P>Phil Davern has prepared a fire safety report. President to
review. Report states there are new regulations for Class 3
buildings, which makes the cabin non-complaint. It recommends exit
signage, sliding bolts, bedroom doors need to be solid and self
closing, new front door lock (must not be a deadlock). Works must be
completed before next season.</P>
<P>He mentioned a fire sensor in basement, which he could not find.
Apparently there is one.</P>
<P>To be a Class 1b building, the lodge needs to be for 12 beds
(cabin is currently 14 beds). Peri thinks the works will not be too
expensive and would not outweigh the loss of 2 beds.</P>
<P>Updating of Cabin Operating Procedures document, which will be put
up on the website.</P>
<P>Fire Audit plan is also to be re-worked and updated.</P>
<P>Proposed Hamish Farrow, Seconded XXX.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Redevelopment Update</H2>
<P>Peri McDonald</P>
<P>No progress to date.</P>
<P>John Castran (JC) says that nobody has been kicked off the
mountain when their lease has expired. JC said that we should be
putting a coat of paint on and applying for a lease extension. JC
would give view on lease extension after viewing the building. He is
of the view that prefab quality is not good. He will give his
contacts.</P>
<P>He says $3500K per meter is the current cost. Lodge is currently
250sqm, which is a $1 million build cost for a replacement building.
Peri will forward the completed Stokes Perna report to the President.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">General Business</H2>
<P>Meeting Attendance is poor. Ingrid suggests that attendance at
least 1 meeting or workparty per annum would be good, so no one is
anonymous. Participation is encouraged.</P>
<P>More members - President suggests what are we offering? Joining
fee is about $5K for new members.</P>
<P>Hamish suggested of pizza dinner for next meeting</P>
<P>Lou &amp; Les are going up over summer and thought they would do
some cleaning up around the club??</P>
<P>Ingrid - Washing bedding at White Crystal needs to be undertaken.</P>
<P>Hamish - Easter and Labour Day weekend for working party.</P>
<P>Peri to check roof when he is next up on the mountain. Suggestion
of the roof needing repaired - looks like it is buckling.</P>
<P>Ingrid - is washing machine leaking?</P>
<P>Financial Hardship Applications - A private approach can be made
to the President and Treasurer on a case-by-case basis. Applications
to be made on an annual basis. A scenario would be an overseas
membership rate and changed visitors rates if you attend with a
member. Membership would not be active until full rates are paid
again. Proposed Sandy Clarke, Hamish Farrow Seconded, carried.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Next meeting</H2>
<P>Tuesday 19 Feb at Hamish and Jodie's -</P>
<P>Pizzas provided, attendees to bring a drink!</P>
<P>Please RSVP to confirm numbers!</P>
<P>17 Madden Grove</P>
<P>Kew. 98527978</P>
<P>7 for 7:30 !!</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Closed.</H2>
</BODY>
</HTML>