Edelweiss General Meeting
6th October 2004

Apologies
Kerry Harry, Peri Macdonald, Shirley Farrow, Georgena McCowan.

Attendees
Ranald McCowan, Marga Macdonald, Gilbert Farrow, Gerri Twomey, Peter Smith, 
Fran Macdonald, Bill Farrow, Hamish Farrow

Meeting Open
8:15pm

Minutes of previous meeting (AGM)
Proposed Fran, 2nd Gilbert - Passed

Business Arising
1.Booking system - moved to General Items
2.Banking - slow progress on Banking Authority forms

President's Report
1.Nothing to report
2.Peri has done some figures on redevelopment scheme, min of 4-5 units, 
current provision for 7-8 units. More costing to be done.
3.Vic Roads access and boundary with respect to the road reserve. Talking to 
the Benalla office)
4.[Peter Smith] Need car park

Treasurers Report
1.Doing well
2.Lots of subs money yet to be received
3.Some Cabin fees yet to be received
4.Internet Banking (View Only) application in progress
5.Gas bill total up to end of August $1075, last year it was $1800 (drop 
could be due to the ducts being fixed and the fan being cleaned)
6.Subs and cabin fee reminders to be sent out
7.[Hamish] don't shut down any ducts, especially in the bed rooms, because 
the heater requires them to be all open

Cabin Manager
1.Heat Exchanger has been replaced. We can change the heater over at the end 
of the season if required.
2.[Marga] experienced trouble with the heater fan
3.[Hamish] Internal setting on thermostat causing problems. Drying room is 
not getting enough air and also requires hooks for hanging gloves etc. 
Glass door does not shut in winter due to the floor rising up.

Work Party (next one)
1.Anticipated time frame for Cabin usage is 5 years
2.How much more money should go into improvements ?
3.Beds to be replaced. Aprox $2k per room for frame and mattress's, or we 
could build the frames ourselves.
4.One 4 person room to have double bunk beds
5.Replace single beds in the 6 and 4 person rooms
6.Replace old gray army blankets with Doonas
7.Carpet needs replacing throughout the cabin
8.Costing to be done and presented to the members. We may need to do 
improvements in stages.
9.Buying bed frames may be better from an insurance standpoint, or we can 
build to a standard
10.Do we need to redevelop the Boot Room ?
11.currently it is a storage and changing rooms
12.Options include: Double glase the window.
13.Remove the lockers and put in storage downstairs.
14.Make it into a kids room as well.
15.Costings to be done and presented to the members

Bookings
1.More work on booking system
2.Need a list of member contact details in the cabin
3.Need a list of contact details for Elec, Gas, and other service people in 
the cabin
4.Put a log book in the cabin to record who came in and when
5.Members should look at the bookings website to find out who is in the 
cabin before and after your stay
6.Continue with previously introduced system

General Business
1.Rubbish locker to keep crows out. We can to much about this.
2.Edelweiss car loading bays. There are 4 loading bays opposite the cabin 
for our use
3.[Hamish] Fabulous snow this year.

Next Meeting
7:30pm, 8pm start
Wednesday 15th December 2004
Gilbert & Shirley Farrow
3 Merrion Grove
Kew 3101
3.9853 6677

Agenda Items for next meeting
1.Need to raise capital for the club, perhaps new members ?
2.Work Party budget
3.Work Party dates

Meeting closed
9:15pm

Bill Farrow