Edelweiss Meeting
Saturday December 6th 2008-12-08

Location: Marga Macdonalds house
9 Bellarine Highway
Queensclff


Attendees:

Jessica Clark, Sandy Clark, Hamish Farrow, Fran Macdonald, Caris  
Macdonald, Scott McAlister, Marga Macdonald, Peri Macdonald, Ranald  
McCowan, Judy McCowan, Bill Mitton, Ingrid Mitton, Pete Smith, Dorothy  
Smith


Previous minutes from AGM: To be amended to include Marga Macdonald as  
being an attendee
Minutes of AGM to be a true reflection: Proposed by Marga Macdonald,  
seconded by Bill Mitton


Office bearers: Fflynt Harry is unable to carry on the position of  
Secretary. As Scott McAlister was voted as back-up secretary at the  
AGM, the position falls to him.



Business arising:

Sandy inquired about the role of Peri and himself, re: the  
redevelopment. Judy felt that the main thing was to determine how much  
money was involved for the redevelopment, and what each member will be  
required to put in to achieve this, taking into account time lines  
(ie., $5k now, $5k 4 years after that etc), and also whether  
memberships could be sold. Pete Smith said that legal advice had been  
obtained in the past on how to alter the constitution to achieve the  
sale of memberships.

Sandy felt that on a basis of $500k, there were a couple of ways to  
achieve this, and that he’d do this by the next meeting.


Fran had obtained some information about jumpers for the club, with  
the best quote coming for a polar fleece with a half zip, and the  
Edelweiss flower ($20 adults, $18 for kids; $6.50 for the embroidery,  
with a single $65 fee to get the embroidery initially done)
Questions were asked about the weight of the fleece, with Hamish  
preferring a mid-weight; whether we could get “Edelweiss Mt Hotham” on  
the sleeve, like the old jumpers; and the possibility of a full zip or  
a vest. Ingrid enquired whether the jumpers were also an opportunity  
to fund-raise. Pete suggested asking about a bulk deal at Kathmandu.

A show of hands about whether the club was in favour of the ski jumper  
was carried. Fran has asked for comments about the jumper to be  
emailed to her.

Pete has been speaking to Mt Hotham management about getting a rubbish  
hutch, and passed on that the club is happy to purchase a standard  
size hutch if they anchor it to one of the posts. This has gone to a  
sub-committee of the Mt Hotham Management.



Correspondence:

A letter has arrived from Mt Hotham management about a supply of keys  
for the cabin in case of fire. There are, however, keys already at the  
reception desk at Mt Hotham management.


Hamish gave a vote of thanks to Marga for letting her house be used  
for the meeting.


The next meeting was agreed to be held on Wednesday the 25th of March,  
2009. The proposed arrangements are:

7.45 for an 8.00 pm start
Bill and Ingrid Mitton’s house
76 Victoria Cresent
Mont Albert

This will be confirmed closer to the date.

