

                      Edelweiss_General_Meeting
                     Wednesday 11th October 2005
***** Location: *****
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's
17 Madden Grove
Kew 3101
***** Meeting Open: *****
8:00pm
***** Attendees: *****
Ranald McCowan, Hamish & Jodie Farrow, Kerry Harry, Ingrid & Bill
Mitton, Peter Smith, Bill Farrow. Judy McCowan, Chris Mitton, Peter
and Dorithy Smith. Andrew Jackson
***** Apologies: *****
Francina MacDonald, Katrina & & James Mitton, Wiebenga's, Caroline
Spurway, Gil Shirl Farrow
***** Correspondence: *****
Minutes of last meeting. Proposed by H Farrow, Ranald McGowan.
***** Correspondence: *****
None
***** Business Arising: *****
   1. Easter Working Bee budget
   2. Booking System to preference 7 day bookings.
***** Presidents Report: *****
(Ranald McCowan)
    * Thankyou to Hamish and Jody for holding the meeting.
    * Thanks to the other officers for taking the bookings and
      processing the fees, etc.
    * Hard to find replacement officers. Need to find a new Treasurer
      - Sandi Clark was not keen on doing it, McCowen daughter was
      thinking of doing it but is travelling overseas next year. Fran
      is not going to do the treasurer position after 31st Dec 2005.
      We may need a temporary person to fill the position.
    * Work parties will not be so big this year becuase we can't keep
      spending money from the savings account on upgrading the cabin
      if we are not using it.
    * Redevelopment plans need to be kept in mind. We will need plans
      before the lease comes up for renewal. Open the membership up
      and bring in some new members, and we have had some resignations
      and life membership conversions. Probably about 22 current full
      members. There are a few junior members who may convert to full
      members.
    * We need a process for bringing in new members and a set fee. A
      number of people have already proposed new members. Need to
      update the consitution. We are currently using the model set of
      rules from when the government introduced the non-commercial
      association...
    * Taking large fees from new members would require us to have a
      reasonable set of rules to protect us and the new members.
***** Cabin Manager's Report: *****
(Peter Smith)
    * Kerry reported that the Dishwasher was having problems with the
      soap dispenser, which Peter Smith has fixed.
    * Fran recieved a letter from the Alpine Shire about displaying a
      "Form 10" on the notice board. Kerry will take the form up and
      pin it up.
    * Development for the concrete car park costs $30k per square
      meter. 500 units in the planning process at this time. A lot of
      development work is going on at Hotham. All the surplus land is
      being soaked up, in a few years they will be looking for new
      properties. We have approx 12 years.
    * We need to lodge a planning application before we apply for a
      lease extension. The current state of the cabin is not
      acceptable for lease renewal. Spending the money on geotech
      survey bought us some time.
***** Treasures Report: *****
(Francina Macdonald)
Absent - No report submitted.
***** General Business: *****
    * Treasurer position: Should be simple, probably using a
      spreadsheet. Judy McCowan will do it in the interum and will
      hand it on at the next AGM.
    * Work Party: Long weekend in 13th March 2006 - Carpet and video
      room. Looking for good second hand carpet (1-2 years old). Chris
      Mitton will call Sofatel to see if their renovation work have
      any carpet to get rid of.
    * New members
         1. New members: Ranald has drafted survey questions for
            members to answer. What do other clubs charge for new
            memberships. Is $10K to high ? Proposed $8K for new
            memberships (One "A" (full) member, and "B" (spouse)
            member, and children). The cabin usage of new members
            needs to be considered as well. Some new members will
            utilise the cabin outside of the school holidays.
         2. We are dipping into our investment fund at the momement.
            We might want the new members to fund the new development
            using their "new membership" fees. We have the right to
            vet new members to make sure that they will fit with the
            other memebers. Last time we held a BBQ in Seymore to get
            to know the potential new members. Kerry asked about
            filling the cabin during empty weeks on a comercial basis
            to help the clubs finances. We have a rule about non
            members must be accompanied by a full member, also we
            don't pay GST or comply with commercial regulations.
         3. How many new members do we need ? Greg McKern will stay -
            Diane, Grant, Craig McKern have resigned/left.
         4. Hamish Farrow proposed that we seek to admit 3 new members
            at $8K membership fee. 2nd Peter Smith.
         5. Nominations open now (all members may nominate), and close
            30th November 2005. The new members would be able to use
            the cabin (and book) for the 2006 ski season. All members
            get to vote on the new members at the next meeting. Social
            function in Feb or March. Proposed Hamish Farrow, 2nd
            Peter Smith.
         6. Jodie Farrow proposes that we form a sub-committee to
            oversee the new membersips. The subcomittee needs to
            communicate to the club their recommendations and
            conclusions. They need to put into writing what the new
            membership buys. Hamish, Bill Mitton, Dorithy.
    * Need email addresses for all full members.
    * Kerry might be taking some overflow people from another cabin (a
      70th birthday party) in over October.
    * Hamish would like a task list to be added to the bottom of the
      minutes
    * Who is not able to make it to meetings ? Members in other
      states, life members travelling overseas...
    * Send out an agenda 1 week before the meeting alowing remote
      people to comment.
***** Task List *****
 _________________________________________________________________
|Assigned_To_________________|Task________________________________|
|Subcommittee for New Members|Determine Member level and type     |
|____________________________|required____________________________|
|Subcommittee_for_New_Members|Define_what_membership_entitlments__|
|Subcommittee_for_New_Members|Define_process_to_choose_new_members|
***** Next Meeting: *****
Thursday 15th December 2005
7:30pm (8pm start)


Hamish & Jodie Farrow's
17 Madden Grove
Kew 3101
Phone: (03) 9852 7978
***** Appologies for next meeting *****
***** Meeting Closed: *****
9.50pm
Bill Farrow
