<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE></TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="OpenOffice.org 2.3  (Linux)">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20040516;15352300">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20080213;21243100">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		@page { size: 21cm 29.7cm; margin: 2cm }
		TD P { margin-left: 1cm; margin-bottom: 0.21cm }
		P { margin-left: 1cm; margin-bottom: 0.21cm }
		H2 { margin-top: 0.1cm; margin-bottom: 0.1cm }
		H2.western { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif }
		H2.cjk { font-family: "Arial" }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-AU" DIR="LTR">
<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><FONT SIZE=6 STYLE="font-size: 28pt"><U><B>Edelweiss
General Meeting</B></U></FONT></P>
<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><FONT SIZE=5 STYLE="font-size: 20pt">Tuesday
12th February 2008</FONT></P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Location:</H2>
<P>Hamish and Jodie Farrow</P>
<P>17 Madden Grove</P>
<P>Kew, Vic 3101 
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Open:</H2>
<P>8:15 pm 
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Attendees:</H2>
<P>Lou Wiebenga, Mark Wiebenga, Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Peter
Twomey, Peter Smith, Ranald &amp; Judy McCowan, Joanna Jackson,
Andrew Jackson, Sandy Clark, Jessica Clark, Marga Macdonald, Kerry
Harry, Fflynt Harry, Andrew Grey, Bill Farrow.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Apologies:</H2>
<P>Gilbert and Shirely Farrow, Jeniifer &amp; Kate Jackson, Francina
&amp; Peri Macdonald. <SPAN STYLE="font-weight: medium">Elizabeth
Laws, Georgina McCowan, Bill &amp; Ingrid Mitton, Martin Brown,
Stirling, Cheryl, Genevieve &amp; Taryn Preston, Nancy Black,
Elizabeth Laws</SPAN></P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Previous Meeting Minutes:</H2>
<P>Minutes of October 2007 meeting. Proposed by Peter Smith.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Business Arising:</H2>
<P>.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Correspondence:</H2>
<P>None</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Presidents Report:</H2>
<P>(Hamish Farrow)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">This is going to be a challenging
	period for the club. In the General Buisiness section we will cover:</P>
	<UL>
		<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Lockers</P>
		<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Gear stored under the cabin</P>
		<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Redevelopment Plan</P>
	</UL>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">Treasures Report:</H2>
<P>(Judy McCowan)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P>Total of $103,000 in the bank accounts</P>
	<LI><P>Need to build the funds base for the future development</P>
	<LI><P>Some example senarios of each member putting some extra money
	in each year in order to raise funds for development.  This is not a
	proposal, just an example of what we can do.</P>
	<LI><P>We should create a new bank account specifically for
	Development Funds</P>
	<LI><P>Correspondance from the Shire of Indi about their inspection
	of the cabin.  New rates.</P>
	<LI><P>Currently reviewing how much International and Student
	Members should be paying as subs.</P>
	<LI><P>(Sandy suggests that we should always increase the cabin fees
	each year to keep in line with inflation.  Peter Smith commented
	that we need to balance the fees against )</P>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">Cabin Manager's Report:</H2>
<P>(Andrew Grey)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">No one has reported anything so
	far.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">The work party tasks were
	discussed at the last meeting and will be formally
	approved/disapproved at this meeting (see general business).</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"></P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">General Business:</H2>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Lockers</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Should we
	retain lockers at the Cabin ? Should everyone have one or only those
	who want them ?</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter Twomey
	stated that we are intending to redevelop the cabin anyway and we
	should limit our renovation plans.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Kerry Harry
	has a shared locker with the Mittons.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Proposal to
	keep the existing lockers and make space available downstairs for
	members to install their own vermin proof lockers. Proposed by Peter
	Smith, Seconded by Andrew Grey. Passed 
	</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Washing Machine</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Proposal that
	the club purchases a washing machine for washing linen (OH&amp;S). 
	The pluming exists.  Proposed by Peter Smith, Seconded by Andrew
	Grey.  Passed..</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Cupboard (above Washing Machine)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Proposal that
	the club purchases a cupboard to go above the laundry trough. 
	Proposed by Peter Smith, Seconded by Andrew Grey.  Passed..</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Re-development ?</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">We set up a
	development committee at the last meeting...</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter has
	sent a letter to Mount Hotham Management regarding redeveloping the
	site.  They have requested a future meeting in Melbourne.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Sandy says
	that they will give longer leases if we develop our site 100%. 
	Edelweiss site is an anomaly on the mountain development plan, we
	are outside their plans.  We may have to change the way the club is
	structures, ie become an Incorporated Body, in order to be
	acceptable to the Hotham Management Board.  They advise that we
	start dealing with them 3 years before the planned development.  We
	need to submit a business plan.  The will move the lease terms over
	to a common set of lease documents.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">As an example
	of lease periods that they will grant, if we spend $8M, for 100%
	site potential, we will get a 51 year lease. If we only do a minimum
	level of development, less than 33% of site potential, we will only
	get a 10 year lease. (from the Mount Hotham Leasing Policy)</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Kerry Harry
	spoke about other East Gipsland clubs that have had their lease
	cancelled.  They only had 6 beds and refused the relocation offer.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Is our site
	important to us geographically ? Sandy stated that our site is our
	main asset, if we relocate we have to start again as a club.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Everybody
	knows that our site is available, and none have come to use with a
	offer, probably because there is still 10 years of lease.  They are
	probably going to wait until there is only 2 years left on the lease
	so they can get a bargin.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">$300K will
	get you a 2 bedroom apartment, if you want a view then make that
	$500K.  This reflects the cost of building on the mountain.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter says
	that we need to do some value add now, ie get things underway.  We
	can then attract a developer.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Joanna, who
	is a town planner by trade, says that a proposal is only as good as
	the plans.  A big concrete block wont sell.  We need to get a good
	set of plans, with approval, and use this to attract a developer.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter Twomey
	says that the Scotch club (koomerang ?) went into a deal with
	another club to do a joint redevelopment.  Can we look at doing
	something similar.  Sandy says that there is not point pooling
	resources if the other club doesn't have any.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Sandy says
	that they have 7 principles for the leases.  Some of them are: State
	occupancy rates. Teaming up with a school would also show that it
	benefits the community.  Summer site use is also very positive.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Kerry Harry
	said that 5 years ago there were suggested plans to have a common
	“club” living area with two appartments at each end.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Sandy says
	that we need to meet with the Hotham Board and establish some facts,
	and then we need to start developing a business plan that says were
	we will be in 3 years time, and 5 years time, etc.  In the plan we
	establish decision points.  We need this business plan before we
	start seriously talking to developers.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter Smith
	believes that we don't have to put a lot of money into it. The
	developers will pre-sell the apartments to fund the development. 
	Joanna says that just getting some plans drawn up could cost $30K.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Andrew Jackon
	asked that the Development Committee create a summary document of
	situation to inform the members, because this discussion is just
	going around and around.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Sandy says
	that we need to get on the front foot and put a plan forward to the
	Hotham Board. Otherwise, in 5 years, the developers may take it off
	us.  The shorter our lease gets, the less value our site has to us,
	and the greater the value to some other developer.  Sandy would like
	to retain the character of the club.  Sandy also says that building
	costs go up by 10% each year.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Development
	committee should include our best resources.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Judy proposed
	that original committee be extended by adding Sandy, Joanna, and
	Peri.  Seconded by Kerry Harry.  Passed.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish
	proposed that the development committee find out how much it would
	cost to develop a professional business plan.  Seconded by Fflynt.
	Passed.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Sandy asked
	if we are looking to change the nature of the club or to retain the
	culture of the club.  Further discussion to be done on the
	<A HREF="mailto:ski@arrowsreach.com">ski@arrowsreach.com</A> mailing
	list.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Jessica is now 18 and needs to pay
	3 times the subscription fees to become a full member. Movement to
	Adult Membership was proposed by Judy and seconded by Marga (and
	agreed to be paid for by Sandy) and Hamish offered a formal welcome
	from the club as its President to adult Membership (upon payment of
	the required fees.)</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; font-weight: medium"><BR><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Internal renovations</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><SPAN STYLE="font-weight: medium">Proposed
	short term renovations to convert the drying room and locker room
	into a lounge room. This is to be an agenda item for the next or
	subsequent meeting.</SPAN></P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm">Task List</P>
<TABLE WIDTH=565 BORDER=1 CELLPADDING=2 CELLSPACING=3>
	<COL WIDTH=122>
	<COL WIDTH=424>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.42cm"><B>Assigned To</B></P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.53cm"><B>Task</B></P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.42cm">All Members</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.53cm">Think about how to raise
			development funds and discuss this on the mailing list.</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.42cm">Judy</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.53cm">Suggest rate change for full time
			students, overseas members.</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.42cm">Development Committee</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.53cm">Summarise our position and put this
			to the members 2 weeks prior to the AGM.  (ie PDF on the website).</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
</TABLE>
<H2 CLASS="western"><BR><BR>
</H2>
<H2 CLASS="western">Next Meeting:</H2>
<P>Tuesday 22th July 2008<BR>7:30pm (8pm start)<BR><BR><BR>
</P>
<P>Hamish Farrow</P>
<P>17 Madden Grove</P>
<P>Kew,Vic 3101</P>
<P>Home (03) 9852 7978</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Appologies for next meeting</H2>
<P>Mittons</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Closed:</H2>
<P>10.20pm<BR>Bill Farrow</P>
<P><BR><BR>
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>