

                      Edelweiss_General_Meeting
                      Tuesday 30th October 2007

Location:

Hamish and Jodie Farrow
17 Madden Grove
Kew, Vic 3101

Meeting Open:

8:15 pm

Attendees:

Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Gilbert and Shirely Farrow, Andrew & Jennifer
Jackson, Scott McAllaster, Flynt Harry, Peter Smith, Judy McCowan,
Ingrid and Bill Mitton, Martin Brown.

Apologies:

Kerry Harry, Katrina Chris Mitton, Kate Jackson, Andrew Torn-Broers ,
Michael Torn-Broers, Dorithy Smith, Stirling & Cheryl Preston

Previous Meeting Minutes:

Minutes of July 2007 meeting.

Business Arising:

Letter of application to join the club from Julie Hale (neighbours of
the Jackson's).

Correspondence:

None

Presidents Report:

(Hamish Farrow)

* Gerry Twomey will be sadly missed.
* Margret Tommas also passed away since the last meeting and she will
  be also be missed
* Reasonably good ski season this year
* Discussion how the club makes decisions. Simple matters should be
  settled on at the meeting, and major issues should be notified to
  the members so that those who can't make it to the meetings can have
  a say. Matters for broad club input will be emailed and listed in
  agenda for the following meeting, and written responses or
  attendances at the following meeting will have equal weight for the
  vote.
* Directions for the future of the club, we want to build on the work
  that has already been done by the subcomittee. The lease ends in
  2017, and we want to be in a good position to demand that the lease
  is extended. Either we review the redevelopment plans for the now
  and put it to a developer, or decide to leave it for 5 years and
  hope that the weather improves and we get more snow.


Treasures Report:

(Judy McCowan)

* $100k in the bank.
* The subscription fees have come in well. Quite a number of younger
  members are overseas (11) which reduces the income a fair bit.
* The fixed costs of running the cabin is just under $11k, and the
  running fees are about $9k. Outgoing is $20k, total income this year
  $25k.
* We could consider subs fees for children and increasing the overseas
  membership fees.


Cabin Manager's Report:

(Andrew Grey)

* New gas heater with excellent instructions



General Business:

Re-development ?

* Peter Smith – there is always a shortage of tradesmen. The
  developers of Moritz have learnt from their mistakes about building
  units with no view. They would want to make 40% on the development.
  There major difficulty is the availability of concrete on the
  mountain. The new subteranian development may lead to the reopening
  of the quarry and opening a concrete plant. This will make things
  easier for us to do the redevelopment. Peter thinks that we would be
  better to develop in conjunction with a developer, or do it
  ourselves. All we need is a program manager. We have one of the 12
  significant sites on the mountain, we just need to work out what to
  build to maximise the use of the site. We can pre-sell the units,
  and it would take 2 seasons to do. Even though there is a supply,
  the demand keeps going up, and there is no more alpine land
  available for developmern. The marketing for Rays Development will
  bring even more money to the mountain, and they are pre-selling
  units that wont be there for another 5 years. The difference of
  giving it to a developer and doing it ourselves, is that instead of
  getting a 3 bedroom unit out of it, we get a 50 square club
  facility. Our site is worth about $4M due to the density of units
  that we are allowed.
* Hamish has been in contact with another lodge whos lease is up in
  2017. They are looking at the same thing, and we could join with
  them to do a development. Peter says that we are at a “Significant
  Site”, which puts us at an advantage. (Taki – aprox 30 members,
  out the back of Jack Frost).
* Hamish - Are the club memebers comfortable with doing the re-
  development ourselves ?
* Judy – What are the costs invloved with doing the redevelopment ?
* Hamish – We shouldn't take on any new members without knowing what
  the future costs will be. Is is a redevelopment levy or a demolition
  and removale levy in 10 years time.
* Andrew – The alternative to a big development is to do a smaller
  development using the pre-fab buildings. This may be more manageable
  for us, and the club may end up with a descrete unit which would
  keep the club atmosphere. This won't please the mountain management
  as much as a mega development. We have been at this for 6 years and
  we have spent $10k on the geotech survey.
* Peter Smith – the goetech survey was required otherwise we would
  have lost the site 6 years ago. They had another developer lined up
  to take the site.
* Hamish – Global warming will reduce our ski season and more than a
  20 year lease might not be worth it.
* Peter says that the units with shorter term leases aren't selling
  well. We should be aiming for a 50 year lease.
* Hamish – Can the redevelopment committee (Andrew Jackson, Peter
  Smith, Ranald, Martin Brown) give us a rough idea of the costs if we
  redevelop the site ourselves.We need to look at the big development
  and the smaller scale development, and relate these to the length of
  lease these would provide – aiming at sufficient lease to allow
  for commercial sale of the accom.

Fees and Costs

* Peter Smith – increasing the overseas fees may force some people
  to leave the club, and they are the future of the club. The fees are
  a large hit for the younger members.
* Martin – Not happy that the fees have kept increasing since he
  joined. Proposes that overseas members pay more than $50, and if
  they want to use the cabin then they should pay the remainder of the
  membership fees.
* Peter – we could determine how much we are down on the running
  costs each year and have a levy to distribute the shortfall.
* Judy – we used to have a members, spouse, and child subscriptions
  fees.
* Hamish asked Judy to leave the Subs and Cabin Fees as they are for
  this year, and put together some costing for different options for
  Student rates, altered overseas rates to either double current or
  half full fee for consideration at the next AGM.



Basement re-arangement

* Peter Smith – There is new timber downstairs for rebuilding the
  lounge benches. The workbench should be moved under the window and
  steel lockers put in it's place. They should be high enough to store
  skis.
* Bill Mitton – we could ask people to pay say $50 for a locker. If
  you want to keep skis up there then you should have to pay for that
  storage.
* Bill Mitton – downstairs needs a clean out anyway. All members
  need to identify or retrieve their skis, or they will be thrown out.
* Hamish – The lockers can go in at a work party and we will decide
  on the allocation of lockers downstairs at the next meeting. Anyone
  interested in having a locker should make that known at or by the
  next meeting. Please identify your existing locker if you have one,
  as we will consider a reallocation of the whole number of lockers
  once the new ones are in.


Washing Machine

* Peter - Washing Machine which was intended as part of the OH&S, and
  it was decided against at the last meeting. The costs of laundering
  the sheets, covers, etc would pay for a washing machine in the first
  year.
* Ingrid - There are commercial washing machines on the mountain.
* Hamish – we could make it a rule that it is only used on work
  parties.
* Bill Farrow – add a item into the cabin operating instructions to
  check that it is empty.
* Judy – we would need a drier as well.
* Hamish – the cabin manager will purchase and install a washing
  machine.Intention is to use White Crystal commercial wash/dry
  machines annually for the bedding largescale stuff. Teatowels and
  pillowslips etc can be done on the fly in the lodge.


New Members

* Hamish - Should we be considering new members ? They would need to
  be informed of the future of the club and potential costs of
  redevelopment.
* Would new members put pressure on getting beds during the ski
  season.
* 2007 – 570 bed nights, 2006 – 600 bed nights, 2005 – 380 bed
  nights (low).
* We originally worked out that we needed 4 new members, which we got.
* The guest bed income brings in a lot of money each year.
* Hamish. Meeting concludes no new members now - president will keep a
  waiting list for potential new members, please contact Hamish if you
  have applictions.


Meetings and Communication

* Hamish would like to apologise for the postponement of the October
  meeting.
* Flynt will take over the office of Secretary
* Scott may consider treasurer in due course, but Judy is content to
  remain at present


Work Party

* Proposed work party for Labour Day weekend, pending the Cabin
  Manager's approval.


Task List
 ____________________________________________________________________
|Assigned_To__________|Task__________________________________________|
|Bill_________________|Mail_out_meeting_reminder._Workparty_notice,__|
|Andrew_Gray__________|Talk_to_Bill_Mitton_about_the_heater__________|
|                     |Install new washing machine, install lockers, |
|Andrew Gray          |clean up downstairs, and update the           |
|                     |instruction manual to reflect heater and      |
|_____________________|washing_machine.______________________________|
|All_Members__________|Identify_or_Retrieve_their_Skis_______________|
|All Members          |Say if you want a locker or not, including if |
|_____________________|you_have_an_existing_locker___________________|
|Judy                 |suggest rate change for full time students,   |
|_____________________|overseas_members._____________________________|
|                     |consider the type of accomodation you want for|
|All Members          |our club, and what financial involvement you  |
|_____________________|may_contemplate.______________________________|
|                     |Produce an idea of cash flow required for     |
|                     |development. Discuss with Rays options of     |
|Development Committee|development. Tie ARC down on lease given for  |
|                     |medium development and major development –  |
|                     |ie what is our minimum to get a commercial    |
|_____________________|lease_?_______________________________________|






Next Meeting:

Tuesday 5th Feburary 2008
7:30pm (8pm start)


Hamish Farrow
17 Madden Grove
Kew,Vic 3101
Home (03) 9852 7978

Appologies for next meeting

Mittons

Meeting Closed:

10.10pm
Bill Farrow


