<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN
		"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd"">
<html>
<head>
  <title>Annual General Meeting - Wednesday 25th June 2003</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
  <meta name="GENERATOR" content="Quanta Plus">
</head>
<body>
<h1>Edelweiss Ski Club of Aust. Inc.</h1>
<h1>Annual General Meeting - Wednesday 25th June 2003</h1>

<h2>Location:</h2>
Shirl & Gillbert Farrow<br>
3 Merrion Grove<br>
Kew 3101

<h2>Meeting Open:</h2>
8:10pm

<h2>Attendees:</h2>
Bill Mitton, Andrew Jackson, Gerry & Peter Twomey, Peter Smith, Shirley & Gillbert & Bill & Hamish Farrow, Sandy & Jessica Clark, Ranald McCowan.

<h2>Apologies:</h2>
Ingrid & Chris & Katrina & James Mitton, Lou & Les Weibenga, Judy McCowan, Marga MacDonald, Jodie Farrow, Francina & Tim MacDonald-Grant, Kerry Harry, Dorothy Smith, Jennifer & Joanna & Kate Jackson.

<h2>Minutes of the previous meeting:</h2>
A Jackson moved to pass as accurate, seconded by P.Smith.

<h2>Correspondence:</h2>
None.

<h2>Business Arising:</h2>
None.

<h2>Presidents Report:</h2>
(Ranald McCowan)
<ol>
  <li>Thankyou to all office bearers, workparty, and website.</li>
  <li>2x Workparties this year.
  <ul>
    <li>Substantial improvements to the cabin</li>
	<li>BBQ</li>
	<li>Inside Painted</li>
	<li>To be done: Duct work, beds, carpets</li>
  </ul></li>

  <li>Redevelopment Plans
  <ul>
    <li>Not much progress</li>
	<li>Contact with Peter Parri-Fielder re-established</li>
    <li>External Factors - Freehold Development on the mountain, current market values.</li>
    <li>Internal Factors - No money in the club, current level of membership.</li>
  </ul></li>
  <li>Summary</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Manage the club effectively - sustainability</li>
	<li>Utilise the club</li>
	<li>Develop strategy for the future</li>
  </ul>
</ol>

<h2>Cabin Managers Report:</h2>
(Peter Smith. Report transcribed as follows)
<ol>
  <li>The Cabin is in good condition for the 2003 Snow Season.</li>
  <li>Work Party No.2 on 10 & 11 May 2003 attended to not only
  several small items left over from Work Party No.1 2003 but
  also repairs to damaged cable at rear of lodge. My thanks to
  Ranald, Bill, Ingrid, and Dorothy, for their support, expertise
  and of course their company.</li>
  <li>New Building opening/closing instructions are now applicable,
  my thanks to Dorothy.</li>
  <li>Annual fire inspection is complete and the plumber is up to
  date following removal of old stove, installation of BBQ and
  Heater Service.</li>
  <li>Queens Birthday weekend saw finalisation of a further few
  items, and some intensive repairs to the ductwork under lodge
  following wombat/rat damage.</li>
  <li>Slowly the lodge is becoming more vermin proof and
  progress baiting has been very effective.</li>
  <li>I have noticed unreported use of the lodge (unpaid for).
  Perhaps we need to consider a Security Patrol.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Treasurers Report:</h2>
(Francina MacDonald-Grant)
<ol>
  <li>Financial Report Tabled. <a href="Treasurers_Report_25-06-2003.pdf">(Attached)</a></li>
  <li>Discussion of Fixed Costs and setting subsidies.
  Subs are intended to cover 75% of fixed costs. Rates have increased.</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Work Party Levy : $30</li>
	<li>Full Member (A) Subs : $350</li>
	<li>Spouse Member (B) Subs : $22</li>
    Proposed by Hamish Farrow and seconded by Peter Towmey.
  </ul>
  <li>Please send your cheques to Francina ASAP.</li>
  <li>Discussion of "Special Deals" for booking out the whole cabin.</li>
  <li>Discussion of pre-payments or deposit for bookings and cancellation
  dates. We have to maximise the usage of the cabin over the 10 week
  ski season. Bill Farrow is going to draft a proposal with Ranald
  and Francina to be proposed at the next meeting.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Office Bearers:</h2>
<ol>
  <li>President: Ranald (proposed A Jackson)</li>
  <li>Secretary: Bill Farrow (proposed Peter Smith, seconded A Jackson)</li>
  <li>Treasurer: Francina MacDonald-Grant</li>
  <li>Cabin Manager: Peter Smith</li>
</ol>

<h2>General Business:</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Spare Key - Hatchway under veranda</li>
  <li>Security of cabin, especially with split parties, ie. double locking the door,
  not leaving the key in an obvious location.</li>
  <li>Problem with leaving the rubbish bags near the road (Hamish Farrow).
  <ul>
    <li>Tell the bus driver when you catch the bus, he can radio for a
	rubbish pickup.</li>
  </ul></li>
  <li>Cabin Operating Procedure to be added to the webpages.</li>
  <li>Motion of Thanks for all Office Bearers - Shirley Farrow</li>
</ol>

<h2>Next Meeting:</h2>
<ul>
Thursday 16th October 2003.<br>
7.30pm (8pm Start)<br>
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's<br>
17 Madden Grove<br>
Kew 3101<br>
Phone : (03) 9852 7978
</ul>

<h2>Meeting closed:</h2>
9.40pm
<br>Bill Farrow

</body>
</html>
