<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN
		"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd"">
<html>
<head>
  <title>Annual General Meeting - Thursday 16th Oct 2003</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
  <meta name="GENERATOR" content="Quanta Plus">
</head>
<body>
<h1>Edelweiss General Meeting</h1>
<h1>Thursday 16th Oct 2003</h1>

<h2>Location:</h2>
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's
17 Madden Grove
Kew 3101

<h2>Meeting Open:</h2>
8:10pm

<h2>Attendees:</h2>
Hamish & Jodie Farrow,
Bill, Gilbert, Shirl Farrow,
Francina Macdonald,
Peter Smith,
Ranald & Judy McCowan,
Ingrid, Bill, Katrina Mitton,

<h2>Apologies:</h2>
Gerri & Peter Twomey,
Kerry & Sam Harry,
Marga & Peri MacDonald,
Georgina McCowan,
Chris & James Mitton,
Jane Holland,
Les & Lou Weibenga,
Greg McKern,
Grant, Craig, Dianne McKern,
Dorothy Smith

<h2>Minutes of previous meeting:</h2>
Francina moved to pass as accurate, seconded by Gilbert Farrow.

<h2>Correspondence:</h2>
None.

<h2>Business Arising:</h2>
<ol>
<li>  Cabin Operating Procedure and Membership List - to be put on the members
only webpage. (in progress)</li>
<li>Changes to booking system - to be handled later in the meeting.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Presidents Report:</h2>
(Ranald McCowan)
<ol>
	<li>The Cabin was well used over the ski season. It was a good season.</li>
	<li>The booking officer (Francina) was kept very busy - thanks to Francina.</li>
	<li>  Further discussions about options with P.P.Fielder</li>
	<ul>
			<li>    Have not yet seen Tom Pellie (spell?) from Mt.Hotham</li>
			<li>  Scaled down redevelopment versions are being considered. Looked at the
			pre-fabricated staff buildings that they are putting up at Mt.Buller
			(pictures shown at meeting).  We will be able to look at these building at
			Mt.Buller early next year after they have been completed.</li>
			<li>  Our lease has 13 years left. Redevelopment will help us renegotiate for
			much longer (~50 years).</li>
			<li>The Sewer connection issue was discussed. We are not going to connect at
			this time since we would have to provide the pump (~$35k).</li>
			<li>  The club will discuss the redevelopment with Perri MacDonald who is now a
			developer.</li>
			<li>  The market at Mt.Hotham is currently flooded, with the free-hold
			developments such as the Pan Handle development.</li>
	</ul>
</ol>

<h2>Cabin Manager's Report:</h2>
(Peter Smith)
<ol>
	<li>  There is no longer any parking opposite the Lodge due to snow conditions and
	Mt.Hotham Management.</li>
	<li>The Snow Blower was blowing snow down onto the Lodge.</li>
	<li>The drive-way was blocked by snow pushed by the Snow Grader.</li>
	<li>Mt.Hotham Management is now aware of our problem and will provide "Loading
	Bays" opposite the Lodge for our use. They will also try to keep the drive
	clear.</li>
	<li>Work Party jobs for next season</li>
	<ul>
			<li>Double bunks (in both small bunk rooms)</li>
			<li>Replace carpet</li>
			<li>Repair steel support cable above the cabin</li>
			<li>Install cupboards in bunkrooms (Peter Smith has a "new" modular kitchen
			that we can use for this)</li>
			<li>Replace some kitchen cupboards (with above modular units)</li>
			<li>Put the ducted heating through the bottom of the cupboards to wombat proof
			them</li>
			<li>Timber work in lounge room needs painting</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Turn the Locker Room into a kids entertainment room</li>
	<ul>
			<li>Concrete the basement floor and put steel lockers down there for every
			family.</li>
			<li>Carpet the Kids Room floor.</li>
			<li>Put in a TV, etc.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Working Party on Labour Day, 6-7-8th March 2004.</li>
	<li>Second work party is also required - no date as yet.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Treasures Report:</h2>
(Francina Macdonald)
<ol>
		<li>Financial Report Attached <a href="Treasurers_Report_1-16-10-2003.pdf">Part 1</a> & <a href="Treasurers_Report_2-16-10-2003.pdf">Part 2</a></li>
		<li>The Cabin was well used this year</li>
		<li>Still have to pay Mt.Hotham Management fees/rates</li>
		<li>Some subs are still outstanding</li>
		<li>Some working bee subs are still outstanding</li>
		<li>Bill Farrow and Francina to look at:</li>
		<li>Direct Deposit for Club subs and cabin fees</li>
		<li>Internet Banking to enable the treasurer and booking officer to view the
		account balance (but not transactions).</li>
		<li>Mail out overdue notices along with these minutes.</li>
</ol>

<h2>General Business:</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Allan Banfield has submitted a letter of resignation. Motion by Peter Smith
to offer "Life Membership" to Allan Banfield, seconded by Hamish Farrow.</li>
<li>Cabin Booking System</li>
	<ol type="i">
		<li>Look at using Internet Direct Deposit facility.</li>
		<li>Discussion on requiring a booking deposit or full payment on booking.</li>
		<li>Use the webpage calendar to show booking status. ie use different colours
		for the booking entry to indicate unpaid, paid, or need people to take up
		beds that have already been paid for.</li>
		<li>The proposal to be considered at the next meeting is: Pay in full at time
		of booking, refundable up to 4 weeks prior to the booked date. After the cut
		off date, if you can't fill the beds you have paid for, it is up to the
		member to organise someone else to take over the beds (and not to involve
		the treasurer).  This aims to maximise the usage of the cabin, and keep the
		treasure's jobs as simple as possible.</li>
		<li>Members contact details need to be made available on the web, including
		mobile phone numbers.</li>
		<li>Members priority over other members guests is currently 2 weeks. This
		should be changed to 4 weeks to bring it in line with the pre-payment
		cut-off.</li>
		<li>Do we need a "No Snow" policy ?</li>
		<li>A Decision on this proposal will be made at the next meeting. Please
		send any comments to the President or Secretary, and come and vote at the
		next meeting.</li>
	</ol>
	<li>There is now a "Photo Board" in the Cabin, so don't forget to take some
	photos up to add to it.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Next Meeting:</h2>
Thursday 4th December 2003<br>
7:30pm (8pm start)<br>
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's<br>
17 Madden Grove<br>
Kew 3101<br>
Phone: (03) 9852 7978<br>

<h2>Meeting Closed:</h2>
~ 9:45pm<br>
Bill Farrow<br>
