
****** Edelweiss General Meeting ******
****** Friday 13th July 2005 ******
***** Location: *****
Bill & Ingrid Mitton's
76 Victoria Cresent
Mont Albert,Vic 3127
***** Meeting Open: *****
8:25pm
***** Attendees: *****
Ranald McCowan, Hamish Farrow, Bill Farrow, Ingrid & Bill Mitton,
Marga Macdonald Gerry Twomey,
***** Apologies: *****
Kerry Harry, Les & Lou Wiebenga, Caroline Spurway, Andrew Torn-Broers,
Michael Torn-Broers, Dorothy Brooks, Peter Smith, James Katrina Chris
Mitton, Jacksons, Francina Chrisma Peri Macdonald Sandi Clarks,
Gilbert Shirley Farrow
***** Minutes of previous meeting: *****
Hamish proposed the minutes of the previous meeting as true and
accurate. Seconded by Bill Mitton.
***** Correspondence: *****
Hotham Ski Association invoice for membership
Mount Hotham Accomodation Registration 2005
Annual Statement for Public Officer
***** Business Arising: *****
   1. None
***** Presidents Report: *****
(Ranald McCowan)
   1. Thanks to Peter Smith for organising the work parties, and
      getting everything done. Thanks also to Bill Farrow for keeping
      the website and bookings online. Thanks to Francina for doing
      the finances.
   2. Cabin bookings are low for this year. Is this due to the changes
      in the booking system or a slow ski season. The improvements to
      the booking system and amenities were hoped to improve the
      number of bookings. The next improvement was going to be laying
      new carpet, but we can't keep dipping into the investment fund
      and will probably require a levy.
   3. Cabin fees last year where quite good.
   4. Club "Life" - people volunteer their time to run the club, and
      we need some more people to take up officer positions. Should we
      offer a discount on subscriptions for holding an officer
      position ? We have had a few resignations, and perhaps we should
      introduce some new members to keep the finances healthy ? The
      cabin redevelopment plan needs to be considered as well.
   5. New road and development including underground car parking. This
      will give us some idea as to whether development is feasable at
      our end of the mountain.
      Hamish: We plan our cabin usage for the following year
      regardless of the snow due to kids and busy schedules. Opening
      up the membership is a good idea, since booking well in advance
      will still be possible.
      Ingrid: Who has school age children these days ? (Hamish has 4)
      Can we send a survey out to members to ask how much they intend
      to use the cabin ?
      Hamish: Spur of the moment bookings are very easy for people to
      do, given the low number of bookings.
***** Cabin Manager's Report: *****
(Peter Smith)
   1. Ranald to call plumber to get bedroom number 3 basin fixed.
   2. Rubish bags need to be put into the bins at
   3. Work Party Number 2 - 2nd, 3rd, 4th June 2005
          o Attendees: Ranald McCowan, Dorothy and Peter Smith
            A busy few days to tidy up outstanding items from Easter
            work party and check cabin ready for winter, items
            attended to as follows:
          o New seat cushion covers lounge ‚Äì seamstress work
            courtesy of Shirley Farrow
          o HWS drain now has a bucket installed
          o MHMC inform me that parking / loading signs for Edelweiss
            are being printed and should be installed next week
          o Matches to light heater plus gas gun now located in jar on
            top of heater
          o Repair bench seats in lounge
          o Kitchen bench seats measured and will be replaced (using
            existing foam from mattresses) mid August
          o Temporary covering on bedroom glass window on doors, will
            be replaced with something more permanent
          o Install push plate on fire door and compliant handle on
            kitchen exit door
          o New cabin instructions
          o Install 2 new bunk beds
          o Repair holes in HWS room from vermin
          o Retrieve Gilbert‚Äôs parrot nosed clippers from the bush
          o Replace oven ignitor switch
          o Finish new duct outlet in drying room (could double as a
            sauna now)
          o Fit 6 cupboard doors in kitchen
          o Fit clothes plus towel rails bedroom 3
          o Attend to basin bedroom 3
          o Check plus repair duct work
          o Draft plus weatherproof back door
          o Supply new wine glasses, shot glasses plus replace damaged
            crockery
          o Secure Dobbin‚Äôs shoes to wall
          o New shelf over basin bedroom 2
          o Toilets and showers cleaned for start of season including
            vacuuming
      Comment 1: ¬ the lodge is in good condition for the 2005 season
      Comment 2: ¬ We have a CD stereo player in the lounge. ¬ If
      anyone has a few CD‚Äôs that are no longer played, they would be
      appreciated.
      Comment 3: ¬ Corkboards on wall in kitchen are for ‚ÄúHappy
      Snaps‚Äù of members at Mt Hotham. Please feel free to donate.
***** Treasures Report: *****
(Francina Macdonald)
   1. Absent
   2. Report_tabled
   3. Current financial possition is OK.
      Ingrid: Why are the subscriptions down from last year.
      Bill: I would like to update the membership list to remove
      members who have resigned.
***** General Business: *****
   1. Elect office bearers: Treasurer ? Cabin Manager ?
   2. Ranald will stay for 1 more year only
   3. Bill Farrow will stay secritary and bookings officer
   4. Peter Smith wishes to resign from Cabin Manager. We believe that
      he has done an outstanding job and would like to encourage him
      to continue.
   5. We do not have a nomination at this stage for Treasurer. Is
      there any one who has any experience with finances ? Perhaps Lou
      and Les, or Dorithy, or Sandi ?
      If people have an issue with any officers work, they should
      address this via the meetings. Please read the minutes and
      provide feedback if you find any reasons for concern.
   6. Full member subscription fees will stay the same. The Spouse,
      "International", and "Life" at $50. (proposed by Hamish,
      seconded Ingrid. All in favour). No fees for Junior members.
   7. Keep cabin fees the same. (all in favour)
   8. Gery proposed that Gilbert should be a Life Member, seconded by
      Bill Mitton. Passed.
   9. Hamish proposed that Margaret Thomas should be a Life Member,
      seconded by Ranald. Passed.
  10. Proposed that we open the membership up for new members.
      (proposed by Ranald, sconded by Hamish)
  11. Given the above decision, members should let us know if you have
      anyone that you think would be interested. We will need to
      consider how much it would cost new members to join. Most likely
      this will be under $10K.
***** Next Meeting: *****
Tuesday 11th October 2005
7:30pm (8pm start)
Hamish Farrow's
17 Madden Grove
Kew, Vic 3101
Phone: (03) 9852 7978
***** Appologies for next meeting *****
***** Meeting Closed: *****
~ 9:35pm
Bill Farrow
