

                      Edelweiss_General_Meeting
                      Tuesday 12th February 2008

Location:

Hamish and Jodie Farrow
17 Madden Grove
Kew, Vic 3101

Meeting Open:

8:15 pm

Attendees:

Lou Wiebenga, Mark Wiebenga, Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Peter Twomey,
Peter Smith, Ranald & Judy McCowan, Joanna Jackson, Andrew Jackson,
Sandy Clark, Jessica Clark, Marga Macdonald, Kerry Harry, Fflynt
Harry, Andrew Grey, Bill Farrow.

Apologies:

Gilbert and Shirely Farrow, Jeniifer & Kate Jackson, Francina & Peri
Macdonald. Elizabeth Laws, Georgina McCowan, Bill & Ingrid Mitton,
Martin Brown, Stirling, Cheryl, Genevieve & Taryn Preston, Nancy
Black, Elizabeth Laws

Previous Meeting Minutes:

Minutes of October 2007 meeting. Proposed Peter Smith.

Business Arising:

.

Correspondence:

None

Presidents Report:

(Hamish Farrow)

* This is going to be a challenging period for the club. In the
  General Buisiness section we will cover:

  o Lockers
  o Gear stored under the cabin
  o Redevelopment Plan



Treasures Report:

(Judy McCowan)

* Total of $103,000 in the bank accounts
* Need to build the funds base for the future development
* Some example senarios of each member putting some extra money in
  each year in order to raise funds for development. This is not a
  proposal, just an example of what we can do.
* We should create a new bank account specifically for Development
  Funds
* Correspondance from the Shire of Indi about their inspection of the
  cabin. New rates.
* Currently reviewing how much International and Student Members
  should be paying as subs.
* (Sandy suggests that we should always increase the cabin fees each
  year to keep in line with inflation. Peter Smith commented that we
  need to balance the fees against )


Cabin Manager's Report:

(Andrew Grey)

* No one has reported anything so far.
* The work party tasks were discussed at the last meeting and will be
  formally approved/disapproved at this meeting (see general
  business).



General Business:

Lockers

* Should we retain lockers at the Cabin ? Should everyone have one or
  only those who want them ?
* Peter Twomey stated that we are intending to redevelop the cabin
  anyway and we should limit our renovation plans.
* Kerry Harry has a shared locker with the Mittons.
* Proposal to keep the existing lockers and make space available
  downstairs for members to install their own vermin proof lockers.
  Proposed by Peter Smith, Seconded by Andrew Grey. Passed


Washing Machine

* Proposal that the club purchases a washing machine for washing linen
  (OH&S). The pluming exists. Proposed by Peter Smith, Seconded by
  Andrew Grey. Passed..


Cupboard (above Washing Machine)

* Proposal that the club purchases a cupboard to go above the laundry
  trough. Proposed by Peter Smith, Seconded by Andrew Grey. Passed..


Re-development ?

* We set up a development committee at the last meeting...
* Peter has sent a letter to Mount Hotham Management regarding
  redeveloping the site. They have requested a future meeting in
  Melbourne.
* Sandy says that they will give longer leases if we develop our site
  100%. Edelweiss site is an anomaly on the mountain development plan,
  we are outside their plans. We may have to change the way the club
  is structures, ie become an Incorporated Body, in order to be
  acceptable to the Hotham Management Board. They advise that we start
  dealing with them 3 years before the planned development. We need to
  submit a business plan. The will move the lease terms over to a
  common set of lease documents.
* As an example of lease periods that they will grant, if we spend
  $8M, for 100% site potential, we will get a 51 year lease. If we
  only do a minimum level of development, less than 33% of site
  potential, we will only get a 10 year lease. (from the Mount Hotham
  Leasing Policy)
* Kerry Harry spoke about other East Gipsland clubs that have had
  their lease cancelled. They only had 6 beds and refused the
  relocation offer.
* Is our site important to us geographically ? Sandy stated that our
  site is our main asset, if we relocate we have to start again as a
  club.
* Everybody knows that our site is available, and none have come to
  use with a offer, probably because there is still 10 years of lease.
  They are probably going to wait until there is only 2 years left on
  the lease so they can get a bargin.
* $300K will get you a 2 bedroom apartment, if you want a view then
  make that $500K. This reflects the cost of building on the mountain.
* Peter says that we need to do some value add now, ie get things
  underway. We can then attract a developer.
* Joanna, who is a town planner by trade, says that a proposal is only
  as good as the plans. A big concrete block wont sell. We need to get
  a good set of plans, with approval, and use this to attract a
  developer.
* Peter Twomey says that the Scotch club (koomerang ?) went into a
  deal with another club to do a joint redevelopment. Can we look at
  doing something similar. Sandy says that there is not point pooling
  resources if the other club doesn't have any.
* Sandy says that they have 7 principles for the leases. Some of them
  are: State occupancy rates. Teaming up with a school would also show
  that it benefits the community. Summer site use is also very
  positive.
* Kerry Harry said that 5 years ago there were suggested plans to have
  a common “club” living area with two appartments at each end.
* Sandy says that we need to meet with the Hotham Board and establish
  some facts, and then we need to start developing a business plan
  that says were we will be in 3 years time, and 5 years time, etc. In
  the plan we establish decision points. We need this business plan
  before we start seriously talking to developers.
* Peter Smith believes that we don't have to put a lot of money into
  it. The developers will pre-sell the apartments to fund the
  development. Joanna says that just getting some plans drawn up could
  cost $30K.
* Andrew Jackon asked that the Development Committee create a summary
  document of situation to inform the members, because this discussion
  is just going around and around.
* Sandy says that we need to get on the front foot and put a plan
  forward to the Hotham Board. Otherwise, in 5 years, the developers
  may take it off us. The shorter our lease gets, the less value our
  site has to us, and the greater the value to some other developer.
  Sandy would like to retain the character of the club. Sandy also
  says that building costs go up by 10% each year.
* Development committee should include our best resources.
* Judy proposed that original committee be extended by adding Sandy,
  Joanna, and Peri. Seconded by Kerry Harry. Passed.
* Hamish proposed that the development committee find out how much it
  would cost to develop a professional business plan. Seconded by
  Fflynt. Passed.
* Sandy asked if we are looking to change the nature of the club or to
  retain the culture of the club. Further discussion to be done on the
  ski@arrowsreach.com mailing list.
* Jessica is now 18 and needs to pay 3 times the subscription fees to
  become a full member. Movement to Adult Membership was proposed by
  Judy and seconded by Marga (and agreed to be paid for by Sandy) and
  Hamish offered a formal welcome from the club as its President to
  adult Membership (upon payment of the required fees.)



Internal renovations

* Proposed short term renovations to convert the drying room and
  locker room into a lounge room. This is to be an agenda item for the
  next or subsequent meeting.


Task List
 ____________________________________________________________________
|Assigned_To__________|Task__________________________________________|
|All Members          |Think about how to raise development funds and|
|_____________________|discuss_this_on_the_mailing_list._____________|
|Judy                 |Suggest rate change for full time students,   |
|_____________________|overseas_members._____________________________|
|                     |Summarise our position and put this to the    |
|Development Committee|members 2 weeks prior to the AGM. (ie PDF on  |
|_____________________|the_website)._________________________________|






Next Meeting:

Tuesday 22th July 2008
7:30pm (8pm start)


Hamish Farrow
17 Madden Grove
Kew,Vic 3101
Home (03) 9852 7978

Appologies for next meeting

Mittons

Meeting Closed:

10.20pm
Bill Farrow


