===========================================================
Edelweiss Meeting
===========================================================
Tuesday March 2nd, 2010

===========================================================
Location
===========================================================
Hamish Farrow’s house
17 Madden Grove
Kew

===========================================================
Attendees
===========================================================
Hamish Farrow, Kerry Harry, Scott McAlister, Judy McCowan, Peter
Smith, Peter Twomey

===========================================================
Apologies
===========================================================
Martin Brown, Flynt Harry, Ranald McCowan, Bill Mitton, Ingrid Mitton,
Kattrina Mitton

===========================================================
Previous minutes:
===========================================================
Previous minutes to be a true reflection: Proposed by Peter Smith,
seconded by Hamish Farrow
Treasurers report to be accepted: Proposed by Peter Twomey, seconded
by Peter Smith

===========================================================
Correspondence
===========================================================
The dates for the winter season in 2010 will be 11th June - 3rd
October
We have also received correspondence from Mt Hotham about fire
prevention meetings – they only give 4-5 days notice of the
meetings, and they are held at Hotham. Peter has, however, spoken to
them about Edelweiss and they are happy.

===========================================================
Treasurers report
===========================================================
Expenditure since last meeting:

 ____________________________________________________________________
|westpac|______________________$37,534|_______________________2/03/10|
|anz____|______________________$89,021|______________________31/12/09|

 ____________________________________________________________________
|Date_____________|Payee____________|Amount___________|Notes_________|
|_________28/10/09|MtHMB____________|____________36.28|gas___________|
|_________29/10/09|Hotham_electrical|______________7.5|______________|
|_________19/11/09|Telstra__________|____________20.95|______________|
|__________3/12/09|MtHMB____________|___________699.25|gas___________|
|__________3/12/09|Tru_Energy_______|___________106.76|______________|
|_________21/12/09|Telstra__________|____________20.95|______________|
|_________22/01/10|Alpine_Fire______|______________132|______________|
|__________2/02/10|MtHMB____________|____________67.39|gas___________|
|_________15/02/10|Peter_Smith______|___________879.62|stocking_cabin|
|___________15-Feb|MtHMB____________|__________1588.81|gen_services__|
|_________26/02/10|Marsh____________|__________5182.47|insurance_____|
|__________2/03/10|MtHMB____________|___________814.27|site_rental___|
|_________________|MtHMB____________|__________1420.69|gen_services__|


===========================================================
Cabin Managers Report
===========================================================
There has been someone in cabin as detailed below. Peter therefore
proposed that the barrel lock in the door be replaced, and new keys
sent to the members, at a cost of $200. This was proposed by Judy
McCowan and seconded by Hamish Farrow.
It was also decided that Peter Smith instead of Judy would in future
look after the keys.

Peters_report:
An inspection and stocktake of the lodge on 5 February revealed the
following;

* The lodge required cleaning before any occupancy, which has now been
  done by Dorothy and I. The last occupant appears to have left in a
  hurry as food and appliances were left uncleaned and clothing was
  left in the showers and kitchen. Additionally an open fire in the
  centre of the track outside the lounge room contained discarded beer
  cans and bottles. No attempt to clean up the lodge had been made.
* A stock-take list is now available for future reference and to
  advise of shortages and is displayed on the noticeboard.
* Most items have been restocked and the balance will be attended to
  at the work party.
* I have also renewed all vermin baits, fumigated the lodge, alkazymed
  the septic and grease trap, removed all rubbish including out of
  date and opened packets of food.
* All batteries have been replaced in the smoke detectors, torches,
  clock and the stereo remote.
* One exit sign requires a new fluorescent tube.
* All appliances were tested and are operational with the exception of
  the oven which requires the gas lighter to operate-I have repaired
  the manual lighting system previously, but the fix does not last.
* Our cabin fire plan shows a smoke detector in the boot room, which
  is not currently fitted- will discuss with our contractor to see if
  required.
* Some repairs are required which I have included with the work party
  report.
* The new seats and covers in the boot room are terrific-and will be
  most welcomed after a days skiing-thanks Kerry and Dee.
* We need some replacement books and magazine and also music CDs. Also
  still looking for photos for the display board of members enjoying
  the lodge.
* The lounge suite is looking very tired and although discussed
  previously requires action to replace, I would suggest leather
  rather than fabric. One x 3 seater and 2x 2 seaters
* I met with the manager outdoor infrastructure MHMC re sewerage. The
  workshop has been connected, but unfortunately the pipe was run via
  the a track on the other side of the old quarry.
* Our best option is probably a 4000L holding tank with 2 pumps and
  sensor switches and an emaciator and poly pipe to run to destination
  of their choice-either uphill to the Davenport or downhill to the
  workshop. No road openings are as yet planned near the lodge and
  suggested that we would appreciate combining with other MHMC works
  to reduce cost . MHMC will discuss further. They have some concern
  re the creek below the lodge and contamination.
* A contractor has been retained for the outside vegetation cleanup,
  twice a year – December and March to comply with fire regulations.
  We also have an obligation to remove the fruit trees below the lodge
  and poison the stumps. Please refrain from throwing pips over the
  side
* As an item of general business, we seem to have a storage problem
  with bedding, namely blankets. I am proposing that either a cupboard
  to stand in a lounge-room corner of dimensions 600x600x2100 or a
  coffee table with storage underneath would do the job.
* I have removed the 3 portable gas-lights from the lodge. The
  cylinders are decades out of date and the rubber o-ring seals have
  deteriorated and represent a fire risk. I will investigate
  refurbishment and cost. Note:the three gas lights have been tested
  ($60), and filled with gas ($15).

For the work party, the following items require attention:

* Replace all tube in exit lights (4)
* Replace 2 pieces of mirboo decking 100x65x18
* Relocate external telephone cable it has been relayed by Telstra but
  will not last a winter
* Bedroom 1 repair bed end
* Bedroom 3 re-affix the ladder
* Toilet door 2 re-affix knob
* Re-affix boot room entry door knob
* Clean BBQ and replace kitty litter
* Install chair rail to boot room window
* New velcro tape to seat backs at kitchen table
* Weather strip to boot room entry door
* Fit towel rings in bedroom 1&3
* Spray weed killer externally
* Paint pine lining with clear polyurethane
* Wash donnas, pillow slips, mattress covers and towels
* Re-affix soap dish in laundry move toilet roll holders in toilets
* Paint exterior windows
* Paint roof
* Paint exterior walls
* Paint showers
* Paint unfinished timber in lounge
* Install MDF panel in B3 door (block out light)
* Replace 1x grill on BBQ
* Replace hotplate on BBQ
* Paint deck
* Paint hand rail

===========================================================
General business
===========================================================
It was proposed to buy a 32” TV, and a DVD player for the boot room,
with a $1,000 limit. This was proposed by Peter Smith, and seconded by
Peter Twomey.
The phone cable needs to be rerun under the eaves inside plastic
conduit to stop the rats munching on it.
Kerry Harry brought up wanting a faux fireplace in the lounge to give
the impression of a open fire. A gas fire is impractical due to the
plumbing requirements. There were also concerns about the lack of
space, as well as a heater in addition to the central heating making
things too hot.

===========================================================
Meeting Closed
===========================================================
The meeting was closed at 10pm

===========================================================
Next Meeting
===========================================================
The next meeting will be held at:
Hamish Farrow’s house
17 Madden Grove, Kew
20th of July 2010 at 8:00 pm

