Edelweiss Ski Club of Aust. Inc.
General Meeting - Wednesday 30th April 2003

Location:
A&J Jackson's
46 Ellerslie Pl
Toorak 3142

Meeting Open:
	8:20pm

Attendees:
Francina MacDonald, Andrew & Jennifer & Kate & Joanna Jackson, Gerry & Peter Twomey, Peter Smith, Shirley & Gillbert & Bill Farrow, Sandy Clark, Ranald McCowan

Apologies:
Ingrid Mitton, Hamish Farrow, Lou & Les Wiebenga, Judy McCowan, Marie Clark, Marga & Perri MacDonald.

Minutes of the previous meeting:
A Jackson moved to pass as accurate.

Correspondence:
Mt Hotham management - discounts for early purchase of a resort season pass, due 30/4/2003.
Hotham Ski Association - request for donations to fire brigade. Andrew Jackson moved to make a $100 donation. (Francina to write the cheque).

Business Arising:
None.

Presidents Report:
1. Work Party. 8th to 10th March 2003
	- Very successful.
	- Assessed fire damage to surrounding areas.
2. Peter Parry Fielder
	- Currently having difficulty contacting him.
	- Feasibility Study to be done on development

3. Hotham Chalet site was sold to a Qld developer for $5M.
	- Potential to build 100 units.
	- The impact on our proposed development is unknown.
	
Panhandle Drive "free hold" development is also going ahead in the Basin area. 6 towers with 3 stories, 10 units per tower.

Cabin Managers Report: (Report transcribed as follows)
1. The Cabin is in good shape. All known local government requirements have been met.

2. Annual Work Part 7th - 10th March 2003
The crew :
	Gilbert and Shirley Farrow
	Bill and Ingrid Mitton
	Gerry Towmey
	Ranald McCowan
	Peter and Dorithy Smith
	Les, Lou, Iain and Mark Wiebenga (Sunday)
	Flyynt and Kerry Harry (Sunday)

A foolscap page of items requiring attention was attacked with much gusto and bravado and nearly all items completed.
Whilst the girls and Gilbert paid attention to the interior and painting (you want how many coats!!) Ranald hit the re-lining of the Drying Room, Bill the facias, back door, and numerous other small items, Les and his chainsaw attacked some environment issues, and Kerry & Flyynt installed the BBQ.
A new Crockery, Pots & Pans Cupboard and return air for the heater was installed. The old stove went along with two trailer loads to the tip, the basement has now room to move.
Hamish is going to make good the first aid kit.
A small work party on 10th-11th May will finish off for this season. (Peter Smith, Bill Mitton, and Ranald McCowan)
Good fun and good results thanks to all involved.

Comments:
	- Francina objected to the new location of the Fridge	 between the kitchen and living room.  It was decided that we would try this position for a year.
	- Francina noted the lack of the Cabin Opening Instructions Book. Peter Smith has taken it home to update it.
	- Andrew Jackson asked about the state of the carpet in the cabin and possibility of replacing it. Peter Smith is going to keep an eye out for auctions of ex hotel carpet.

Treasurers Report:
1. Financial Report Tabled.
2. Payments for not attending the work party are going to be collected by adding this fee to the Annual Subs invoice.
3. Payments of Subscriptions are to be done at AGM, please bring your cheque books.
4. The fees and subscriptions will be revisited at the AGM. Proposed increases to cover current redevelopment investigation/planning expenditure.
5. The club needs to encourage bookings for the beginning and endding season periods. An "Off Peak" rate was suggested.  A "Special" was agreed upon for the month of June this year, but not the school holidays part. $100 a night to book out the whole cabin, between 1st and 27th June 2003.

General Business:
1. Web Site
	- To log in to the Members only section
		Username: member
		Password: oven
	- Bill Farrow will add the Membership list and contact details.
	- There is a mailing list for emailing everyone in the club. This is to encourage general discussion of club and skiing topics.

2. Gilbert Farrow would like a wheel barrow at the cabin. Peter Smith moved to purchase one along with a bike pump, seconded Sandy Clark.

Next Meeting:
AGM - Wednesday 25th June 2003.
7.30pm (8pm Start)
Shirley & Gilbert Farrow's
3 Merrion Grove
Kew 3101
Phone : (03) 9853 6677

Preliminary Agenda:
	- Setting fees and Subscription rates
	- Paying subscriptions
	- Elect Office bearers.

Meeting closed:
	9.25pm
