<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<head>
  <title>Annual General Meeting - Friday 13th July 2005</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
  <meta name="GENERATOR" content="Quanta Plus">
</head>
<body>
<h1>Edelweiss General Meeting</h1>
<h1>Friday 13th July 2005</h1>

<h2>Location:</h2>
Bill &amp; Ingrid Mitton's<BR>
76 Victoria Cresent<BR>
Mont Albert,Vic 3127<BR>

<h2>Meeting Open:</h2>
8:25pm

<h2>Attendees:</h2>
Ranald McCowan,
Hamish Farrow,
Bill Farrow,
Ingrid & Bill Mitton,
Marga Macdonald
Gerry Twomey,

<h2>Apologies:</h2>
Kerry Harry,
Les & Lou Wiebenga,
Caroline Spurway,
Andrew Torn-Broers,
Michael Torn-Broers,
Dorothy Brooks,
Peter Smith,
James  Katrina Chris Mitton,
Jacksons,
Francina Chrisma Peri Macdonald
Sandi Clarks,
Gilbert Shirley Farrow

<h2>Minutes of previous meeting:</h2>
Hamish proposed the minutes of the previous meeting as true and accurate. Seconded by Bill Mitton.

<h2>Correspondence:</h2>
Hotham Ski Association invoice for membership<br>
Mount Hotham Accomodation Registration 2005<br>
Annual Statement for Public Officer<br>

<h2>Business Arising:</h2>
<ol>
  <li> None
</ol>

<h2>Presidents Report:</h2>
(Ranald McCowan)
<ol>
  <li>Thanks to Peter Smith for organising the work parties, and getting everything done. Thanks also to Bill Farrow for keeping the website and bookings online. Thanks to Francina for doing the finances.
  <li>Cabin bookings are low for this year. Is this due to the changes in the booking system or a slow ski season. The improvements to the booking system and amenities were hoped to improve the number of bookings. The next improvement was going to be laying new carpet, but we can't keep dipping into the investment fund and will probably require a levy.
  <li>Cabin fees last year where quite good.
  <li>Club "Life" - people volunteer their time to run the club, and we need some more people to take up officer positions. Should we offer a discount on subscriptions for holding an officer position ? We have had a few resignations, and perhaps we should introduce some new members to keep the finances healthy ? The cabin redevelopment plan needs to be considered as well.
  <li>New road and development including underground car parking. This will give us some idea as to whether development is feasable at our end of the mountain.
  
  <p>
  <b>Hamish:</b> We plan our cabin usage for the following year regardless of the snow due to kids and busy schedules. Opening up the membership is a good idea, since booking well in advance will still be possible.
  <p>
  <b>Ingrid:</b> Who has school age children these days ? (Hamish has 4) Can we send a survey out to members to ask how much they intend to use the cabin ?
  <p>
  <b>Hamish:</b> Spur of the moment bookings are very easy for people to do, given the low number of bookings.
</ol>

<h2>Cabin Manager's Report:</h2>
(Peter Smith)
<ol>
  <li>Ranald to call plumber to get bedroom number 3 basin fixed.
  <li>Rubish bags need to be put into the bins at
  <li>Work Party Number 2 - 2nd, 3rd, 4th June 2005
  <ul>
  <li>Attendees: Ranald McCowan, Dorothy and Peter Smith
  <br>
A busy few days to tidy up outstanding items from Easter work party and
check cabin ready for winter, items attended to as follows:
  <li>New seat cushion covers lounge – seamstress work courtesy of
Shirley Farrow
  <li>HWS drain now has a bucket installed
  <li>MHMC inform me that parking / loading signs for Edelweiss are being
printed and should be installed next week
  <li>Matches to light heater plus gas gun now located in jar on top of
heater
  <li>Repair bench seats in lounge
  <li>Kitchen bench seats measured and will be replaced (using existing
foam from mattresses) mid August
  <li>Temporary covering on bedroom glass window on doors, will be
replaced with something more permanent 
  <li>Install push plate on fire door and compliant handle on kitchen
exit door
  <li>New cabin instructions
  <li>Install 2 new bunk beds
  <li>Repair holes in HWS room from vermin
  <li>Retrieve Gilbert’s parrot nosed clippers from the bush
  <li>Replace oven ignitor switch
  <li>Finish new duct outlet in drying room (could double as a sauna now)
  <li>Fit 6 cupboard doors in kitchen
  <li>Fit clothes plus towel rails bedroom 3
  <li>Attend to basin bedroom 3
  <li>Check plus repair duct work
  <li>Draft plus weatherproof back door
  <li>Supply new wine glasses, shot glasses plus replace damaged crockery
  <li>Secure Dobbin’s shoes to wall
  <li>New shelf over basin bedroom 2
  <li>Toilets and showers cleaned for start of season including vacuuming
  </ul>
Comment 1:  the lodge is in good condition for the 2005 season
<br>
Comment 2:  We have a CD stereo player in the lounge.  If anyone has a few
CD’s that are no longer played, they would be appreciated.
<br>
Comment 3:  Corkboards on wall in kitchen are for “Happy Snaps” of members
at Mt Hotham.  Please feel free to donate.
</ol>

<h2>Treasures Report:</h2>
(Francina Macdonald)
<ol>
  <li>Absent</li>
  <li><a href="Treasurers_Report_07-2005.pdf">Report tabled</a></li>
  <li>Current financial possition is OK.
  
  <p>
  <b>Ingrid:</b> Why are the subscriptions down from last year.
  <p>
  <b>Bill:</b> I would like to update the membership list to remove members who have resigned.
</ol>

<h2>General Business:</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Elect office bearers: Treasurer ? Cabin Manager ?
  <li>Ranald will stay for 1 more year only
  <li>Bill Farrow will stay secritary and bookings officer
  <li>Peter Smith wishes to resign from Cabin Manager. We believe that he has done an outstanding job and would like to encourage him to continue.
  <li>We do not have a nomination at this stage for Treasurer. Is there any one who has any experience with finances ? Perhaps Lou and Les, or Dorithy, or Sandi ?
  <br>If people have an issue with any officers work, they should address this via the meetings. Please read the minutes and provide feedback if you find any reasons for concern.
  <p>
  <li>Full member subscription fees will stay the same. The Spouse, "International", and "Life" at $50. (proposed by Hamish, seconded Ingrid. All in favour). No fees for Junior members.
  <li>Keep cabin fees the same. (all in favour)
  <li>Gery proposed that Gilbert should be a Life Member, seconded by Bill Mitton. Passed.
  <li>Hamish proposed that Margaret Thomas should be a Life Member, seconded by Ranald. Passed.
  <li>Proposed that we open the membership up for new members. (proposed by Ranald, sconded by Hamish)
  <li>Given the above decision, members should let us know if you have anyone that you think would be interested. We will need to consider how much it would cost new members to join. Most likely this will be under $10K.
</ol>

<h2>Next Meeting:</h2>
Tuesday 11th October 2005<br>
7:30pm (8pm start)<br>
Hamish Farrow's<br>
17 Madden Grove<br>
Kew, Vic 3101<br>
Phone: (03) 9852 7978<br>

<h2>Appologies for next meeting</h2>


<h2>Meeting Closed:</h2>
~ 9:35pm<br>
Bill Farrow<br>
