Minutes of Edelweiss Meeting

8.00pm, October 25th 2011, held at Hamish and Jodie Farrow’s home.

Present

Judy McCowan, Andrew Gray, Hamish Farrow, Jodie Farrow, Kate Jackson,
Pete Twomey, Peri McDonald

Apologies

Mathew Gray, George McCowan, Jo Jackson, Shirl and Gil Farrow, Scott
McAllister, Elizabeth Laws, Caroline and Bernard Ryan, Kerry Harry,
Martin Brown

Meeting Open

Minutes taken by Hamish in Scott’s absence.
Previous minutes tabled and accepted -proposed by Kate, seconded by
Peter

President’s report

Hamish reported on the Hero Pass – for a season pass at Hotham at
very attractive rates. Offer is now closed but the mountain offered a
season's pass for the same cost a 7 day tickets , allowing use also at
Falls Creek.
He spoke of communication difficulty using emails, needing mobile
numbers for more urgent replies. The membership list should be updated
with mobile phone numbers, but also the age and names of junior
members, especially new children, updated email addresses to put on
SKI. (Scott)
Hamish emphasized that we need to tighten up on meetings – minutes
and pre-warnings of meetings, especially to allow the decisions round
issues like extending the Lease / redevelopment to be argued and
decided.
He particularly argues for an AGM with ‘presence’, encouraging as
full attendance as possible for this meeting, so the club can feel
like a club, not just faceless names. The other meetings are less
important and may be ‘process’ meetings with just a quorum.


Treasurer’s report

Bank balances: $25000 westpac. $93000 anz
Subs setting – we need to align subs to fixed costs and recurrent
expenditure – during the past four years these have grown by an
average 7%, so increase for 2011 is recommended as: for Members from
$425 to $450, Spouse subs from $65 to $80, nil for Junior Members.
An increase to the Work Party levy – previously set at $65 - was
also proposed, to $80. This is levied to cover costs of work
(including work done by contractors eg fire clearance), the costs to
restock the cabin with basics (toilet paper etc) and food and +/
- petrol (for those who choose to claim) to cover costs of work party.
We rely on the work party crews, and work parties should be fun, those
able to offer their time and expertise given good support . It is
proposed the levy should form a budget to be allocated at the Cabin
Manager’s discretion. Judy to discuss this with Martin.
Proposed Member subs to increase from $425 to $450

* Spouse from $65 to $80
* Work Party levy from $65 to $80

Judy proposed and Hamish seconded. All carried by vote.

There was also discussion re changes to Cabin Fees. It was agreed that
the following changes were made:

* Full members … $20/night,
* Child of member under 18 … $10/night
* Member levy for guests …High Peak $50, Low Peak $30
* Guest child under 18 … $20 High Peak, $10 Low Peak
* Summer $10 / night, capped at $50 for the lodge

Proposed Peri / Jodie and carried.

Discussion, initiated by Kate, was held regarding spousal membership
– should the fee for this be equal and therefore have an equal
standing? Would this lower the individual rate?

Further discussion was held re a levy against all members yearly for
10 years to build a development fund. This emphasized the need for
further discussion by as many members as possible (for formal approval
?) at the next meeting. (Issues including the value of a membership if
we demutualise.)

Public Office statement has been submitted.

Cabin Manager Report

absent – no issues raised.

Development

Peri presented proposed plans for development designed to fulfill
requirements to gain extension of the Lease. With documentation
prepared by Peri and his architect wife Suzanne, he looked at the
brief of a smaller redevelopment to gain a new lease, trying to keep
costs at close to $100,000, based on another lodge’s successful re-
securing of a lease.

Features of the plans include:
Intentions to improve bathrooms and sleeping as a priority.

* First stage 1 - - demolish current toilets and showers and combining
  them as bathrooms. Turn last bedroom on L into corridor, then add a
  room on the Western end – and keep the bed numbers the same –
  though this is not a prerequisite for the lease tho it may cost more
  for carparking if bed numbers ere increased etc.
* Stage 2 –moves the living area to take advantage of the view, and
  uses the existing footprint for the redevelopment.

We will be getting a building surveyor to look at the current rules
including current fire protection legislation to see what this
redevelopment will generate in terms of extra costs too.

We will put these plans online – please notify Judy if you want a
printed copy

Andrew Gray mentioned the roof’s problems – leak proofing and
cladding need to occur. This may lead to consideration starting from
new (knock down) as compared to refurbishment. Building code
considerations need to be complied with too.
Comparison needs to be done between refurbishment re rebuild to the
stage 2 level.
To get a new lease we will have to commit capital. How we choose to
use this capital also considers the financial structure of the club.
Aim is to ensure a lease and improve the amenity.
Plan is to have a refurbishment committee to agree on the costs to
develop the plan and come up with a budget – Sandy, Peri, Judy and
Hamish. Proposed Hamish second Andrew and carried.
Correspondence from Board re fire maintenance was brought up –Hamish
to check with Martin and ensure this will happen regarding clearing
– employing last year’s or another gang to clear.

Meeting ended at 10.00pm


Next meeting

6th December 2011 at 7.30pm
Peri’s Macdonald
270 Bluff Rd
Sandringham
We hope this will be an exciting meeting – come to hear about the
plans and meet the architect too ! There will also be discussion of a
redevelopment levy, so if you have a view, please contribute !

