<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<head>
  <title>Annual General Meeting - Wednesday 14th July 2004</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
  <meta name="GENERATOR" content="Quanta Plus">
</head>
<body>
<h1>Edelweiss Annual General Meeting</h1>
<h1>Wednesday 14th July 2004</h1>

<h2>Location:</h2>
Andrew Jackson's<br>
46 Ellerslie Place<br>
Toorak 3142

<h2>Meeting Open:</h2>
8:05pm

<h2>Attendees:</h2>
Andrew &amp; Jennifer Jackson,
Kate Jackson,
Peri Macdonald,
Fran Macdonald,
Ingrid &amp; Bill Mitton,
Ranald McCowan,
Gilbert &amp; Shirl Farrow,
Gerry Twomey,
Kerry Harry
Marga Macdonald,
Bill Farrow,
Katrina Mitton.

<h2>Apologies:</h2>
Caroline Spurway,
Sandy Clark,
Alexandra Gordon (Spurway),
Margaret Thomas,
Peter &amp; Dorithy Smith,
Les &amp; Lou Wiebenga,
Georgina McCowan,
James Mitton,
Chris Mitton,
Alan Banfield.

<h2>Minutes of previous meeting:</h2>
Francina moved to pass as accurate, seconded by Andrew Jackson.

<h2>Correspondence:</h2>
<ol>
<li>Alan Banfield has accepted the offer of Life Membership.</li>
<li>Email from HSA enquiring about membership</li>
<li>Insurance letter about coverage</li>
</ol>

<h2>Presidents Report:</h2>
(Ranald McCowan)
<ol>
<li>Slow progress on the plans for the future of the Club</li>
<li>Our Lease expires in 2017</li>
<li>Our site is suitable for development</li>
<li>We are investigating the options and costs of buildings, like building
	off the moutain and trucking it in</li>
<li>The Club is interested in redevelopment, and we should consider external
	parties and/or club development</li>
<li>Road access to the site is important</li>
<li>No development zone</li>
<li>There is a Road boundary issue</li>
<li>We need to consider utilities such as sewrage</li>
<li>We intend to work on the plan for up to 3 years</li>
<li>We need to start development in at least 5 years</li>
<li>Minor upgrades to Cabin so that we can use it for the next 5 years -
	see Peter Smith's plans</li>
<li>Aim for $100K in bank within 5 years</li>
<li>Should we get some new members ? There have been a number of resignations
	recently.  New members would put more money into the club, we should
	consider this for the future.</li>
<li>Thanks to Peter Smith for improving the Cabin</li>
<li>Thanks to the Treasurer and Booking officers</li>
</ol>

<ul>
<li>Gilbert Farrow would like a work party in December or January</li>
<li>Peri Macdonald
<ul>
  <li>5 Years may be optimistic</li>
  <li>Access from the road is a big issue</li>
  <li>Our current plan is good</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<h2>Cabin Manager's Report:</h2>
(Peter Smith)
<ul>
<li>Absent</li>
<li>Work Party Report Tabled</li>
<ul>
  <li>A very successful work party attended by the following:
	Bill Ingrid James &amp; Katrina Mitton, Ranald McCowan,
	Flynt Harry &amp; nephew Tom,
	Greg McKern &amp; Mephi,
	Peter &amp; Dorothy Smith</li>
  <li>It would be nice to see a few new faces as the work seems only to be
  carried out by the same old regular attendies</li>
  <li>Tasks accomplished include the follwing:</li>
  <ul>
    <li>excavate footing and re cement and cable at rear of lodge,
    wipper snip the exteria,
    clear trees on driveway and around lodge,
    spray round-up,
    spray for spiders,
    mouse/rat control,
    paint all pine timber with clear,
    fit wind deflector to BBQ,
    clean out basement,
    excavate basement,
    install new workbench and re-install vice,
    build new ski rack and storage in basement,
    re-seal exit foor bedroom 3,
    lay lino in kitchen,
    alkazyme septic and grease pit,
    re-stock club supplies for winter,
    clean heater ducts and fan,
    paint locker room</li>
    <li>clean cabin. NOTE: cleaning supplies are now located in each
    toilet and shower cubical. These facilities require DAILY cleaning
    due to high use. Spare cleaning materials are located in marked
    lockers in the HWS room, also broom mops and vacum. Members are
    reminded of their oblication to ensure the cabin is clean after
    use.</li>
    <li>check all fire service appliances and replace all smoke
    detector batteries, repair shower and door knobs, remove rubbish
    and dispose, new tags/instructions for taps etc, plane HWS door
    and fire door,
    oil all locks, clean up parking area, remove and bog up door
    handles - kitchen door and HWS door and entry door, remove and
    replace kitchen, repair props at rear of cabin, box in
    refrigerator, repair fluorescent lights x2, inspect and repair all
    ductwork, terminate duct near pantry, relocated one duct in drying
    room to locked room, shorten and repair drying room duct, remove
    and reseal heater flue, inspect roof and repair as appropriate,
    flash ski room, repair floor in kitchen.</li>
    <li>relocate dishwasher valves and drain valves in kitchen
    cupboard install new inspection hatch. NOTE: the kitchen hot water
    drain is now clearly marked.</li>
    <li>fix leak in hotwater drain pipe drain valve, repair front
    deck, clean BBQ and replace sand.</li>
    <li>drying room - install skirting and resecure hanging rails</li>
    <li>repair cellar staircase, replace clock battery, repair ski
    room lock, repair and install new back to bookcase </li>
  </ul>
  <li>Proposed change to Lodge Operating Instructions</li>
    <ul>
	Some difficulty has been reported in lighting the heater
	during winter. Technical advice received is of the opinion
	that the gas regulator will gum up in cold conditions and if
	left shut down for extended periods. Accordingly, to avoid an
	expensive service call, I see no reason to continually shut
	down the heater during the ski season. The heater could be
	left in the pilot postion with the main gas valve on and the
	other gas valves off on lodge shutfdown. Any comment please
	?</li>
    </ul>
    An elctrician will be required to locate a new power point for
    the freezer and microwave, the BBQ light can also be made a
    permanent fixture. If there are any other electrical works
    required please notify Peter Smith.
    <br>
    The lodge is well prepared for the 2004 season, and may I
    thank all work party attendees for their time, skill, care,
    and attention. A great effort and the results are very
    obvious. Thankyou, Peter Smith.
</ul>
</ul>

<h2>Treasures Report:</h2>
(Francina Macdonald)
<ol>
<li>Income from cabin fees are up</li>
<li>Expenses go up corresponding to increased use</li>
<li>GeoTech servey cost a bit</li>
<li>Don't need to put up fees and subs</li>
<li><a href="Treasurers_Report_07-2004.pdf">Report tabled</a> - Financial
	Report, Liabilities. Seconded by Gilbert Farrow. Passed</li>
</ol>

<h2>General Business:</h2>
<ol>
<li>International Subs are $55</li>
<li>Marga Macdonald proposed that the Subs should not be increased this year.
	Seconded by Ingrid Mitton</li>
<li>Shirley Farrow proposed a revised cabin fee structure.</li>
<ul>
  <li>Remove the weekly rate.</li>
  <li>Member per night = $16.50</li>
  <li>Child of member per night = $8.00</li>
  <li>Guest per night = $40.00</li>
  <li>Child of Guest per night = $16.50</li>
  <li>Summer rates = $15.00, Child = $7.50</li>
  <li>New rates comence 1st Jan 2005</li>
  <li>Seconded by Kerry Harry, Passed unanamously</li>
</ul>
<li>Work Party</li>
<ul>
  <li>Inquiry about re-arranging the beds</li>
  <li>Need to know what we are spending before the next work part</li>
</ul>
<li>The Booking System needs to be reviewed after the ski season.</li>
<li>Office Bearers should not pay the work party levy. Proposed Bill
	Mitton, Seconded Peri Macdonald</li>
<li>Kerry Harry enquired about the old oil heaters. These were
	disposed because of an electrical fault</li>
<li>Gas Heater pilot light being left on. The heater has been looked
	at by a plummer, the heat exchanger was cracked and was replaced.</li>
<li>Bill Farrow proposed that the Club adds a log sheet to the Cabin
	Opening instructions to record Name, Date, Electric, Gas, and
	Water meter readings</li>
<li>Kerry Harry inquired about changing the keys to the Cabin to stop
	unreported visitors</li>
</ol>

<h2>Booking System</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bill Farrow proposed that the club uses a "view only" Internet Banking
	facility on the Cash Management account. Francina Grant
	(Macdonald) Treasurer and Booking Officer (William Farrow) should
	have "view only" internet access.<br>
	Seconded by Peri Macdonald. Passed unanamously</li>
</ul>

<h2>Office Bearer Elections</h2>
<ul>
<li>Cabin Manager - Peter Smith. Proposed Marga Macdonald, Seconded
Gerry Twomey, passed unanamously</li>
<li>Treasurer - Francina Macdonald (will do it for 1 more year). Proposed Bill
	Farrow, Seconded Peri Macdonald, passed unanamously</li>
<li>Bookings - Bill Farrow. Proposed Gilbert Farrow, Seconded Bill
	Mitton, passed unanamously</li>
<li>President - Ranald McCowan. Proposed Gilbert Farrow, Seconded
	Marga Macdonald, passed unanamously</li>
<li>Vice President - Andrew Jackson. Proposed Ranald McCowan, Seconded
	Gerry Twomey, passed unanamously</li>
<li>Public Officer - Ingrid Mitton. Proposed Bill Farrow, Seconded
	Gilbert Farrow, passed unanamously</li>
</ul>

<h2>Bank Account Signatories</h2>
<ul>
<li>Any two signatories are required for cheques.</li>
<li>Bank Account Signatories: Ingrid Mitton, Francina Macdonald
	(Grant), William Farrow.  Proposed William Farrow, Seconded Gilbert
	Farrow</li>
</ul>

<h2>Next Meeting:</h2>
Wednesday 6th Oct 2004<br>
7:30pm (8pm start)<br>
Marga Macdonald's<br>
73 Hotham St<br>
East Melbourne, Vic 3002<br>
Phone: (03) 9417 5890<br>

<h2>Appologies for next meeting</h2>
		  
<h2>Meeting Closed:</h2>
~ 9:35<br>
Bill Farrow<br>
