

                           Edelweiss_General_Meeting
                          Thursday 16th February 2006
***** Location: *****
Bill and Ingrid Mitton's
76 Victoria Cresent
Mont Albert, Vic 3127
***** Meeting Open: *****
8:15pm
***** Attendees: *****
Ingrid & Bill Mitton, Bill Farrow, Ranald & Judy McCowan, Andrew Jackson, Peter
Smith, Gerry Twomey.
***** Apologies: *****
Wiebenga's, Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Shirely & Gilbert Farrow, Alexander
Gordon, Chris & James & Katrina Mitton, Georg McCowan. Jenniffer & Joanna &
Kate Jackson.
***** Previous Meeting Minutes: *****
Minutes of last meeting. Proposed by Ingrid, Judy
***** Business Arising: *****
None
***** Correspondence: *****
Sam Harry - request for overseas membership status
Alexandria Gordon - request for husband to be a spouse member
Kerry Harry - private school holliday schedule are 17th June to 11th July and
16th
September to 3rd October
Peter Smith - Account from solicitor Ian Gross requesting payment, but no work
was done, so Peter has responded by mail.
***** Presidents Report: *****
(Ranald McCowan)
    * New membership application
    * Work party coming up
    * Modest cabin usage during summer
***** Treasures Report: *****
(Judy McCowan)
    * Everything is going quite well. The booking system is working quite well,
      people are paying their deposits and payments on time.
    * Bookings for winter are quite light.
    * Westpac account $10,807, ANZ account $42,517
    * Telstra service is a wast of money and time. It was not working when Judy
      was up at the cabin. We should discontinue the phone and just use the
      mobile phones. See general business.
    * Collection of outstanding subs:
    * Dianne is no longer financial - needs to be sent a letter but there is no
      known address
    * Craig is living in the US, no fixed address
    * Grant is living in Carlton - not sure of his status
    * Greg would like to stay as a member. 7A Crofters St, Carlton.
***** "Not" the Cabin Manager's Report: *****
(Peter Smith)
    * Alan Banfield will be doing a painting for the cabin
    * The telephone cables has probably been eaten by rats
    * Summer occupancy: The new rate was $15 per person which may be too high.
      To encourage use, we should have a capped fee per day.
    * The carpet has been dyed, and needs to be installed. Need to rent a truck
      to get it up to the cabin. We will lay the bedrooms in March and get a
      professional to lay the dinning and living room.
    * Cost of the 11-13th March work party will be $5,200
    * Refer to attached report
    * Please contact Peter Smith if you can help at the March Work Party
***** General Business: *****
    * Work Part Buget Approval
   1. Moved by Bill, 2nd Gerry
   2. Cheque for $5k to Peter in advance for Work party. Moved Bill Mitton &
      Bill Farrow
    * Membership Subcommittee
   1. Two nominations were circulated to all members. There have been no
      objections to the nominations and quite a lot of support.
   2. Nominations from the Prestons and Browns have been accepted and approved,
      Ranald will write to them. Moved by Ranald & Andrew Jackson. Passed (no
      objections).
   3. There are two further new member nomination slots open if anyone wants to
      put someone forward.
   4. Spouse Member - Alax Spurway/Gordon huspand needs to pay $50 subs for
      this year.
   5. Overseas memberships - Sam Harry, James Mitton, Kate Jackson, Georgina
      McCowan. Must be overseas for at least 12 months, need to pay $50 subs
      per year, and they still book and use the cabin at Guest Rates. Move by
      Ingrid, Judy.
   6. Juniors must take up membership before they turn 21.
    * Booking System
   1. Please send Judy notification of payment.
    * Other Business
   1. Gas log file - prosed by Ingrid Mitton. Peter will get a price.
   2. Children under 3 and do not take up a bed, are not charged. Juniors are
      children aged between 4 and 17 (under 18)
   3. Summer Fees. We will revew at the next AGM the summer cabin fee rates
      with the intention of reducing or capping the fees over summer.
   4. The booking system is working like a charm. Moved Peter, Judy.
   5. The development at Hotham has run out of space on the main mountain, and
      they are re-developing at Davenport. Peter is amazed. Photo's shown at
      meeting.
   6. Doona's will have covers, but people need to bring their own sheets.
      People should bring their own Standard single and standard Double fitted
      sheets and a flat sheet.

***** Task List *****
 _______________________________________________________
|Assigned_To|Task_______________________________________|
|Bill_Farrow|Check_backup_system_of_website_and_bookings|
|Ranald_____|Mail_acceptance_letters_to_applicants______|
|XXX________|XXXX_______________________________________|
***** Next Meeting: *****
Wednesday 26th April 2006
7:30pm (8pm start)


Andrew Jackson
46 Ellerslie Place
Toorak, Vic 3142
Phone: (03) 9827 3658
***** Appologies for next meeting *****
***** Meeting Closed: *****
9.30pm
Bill Farrow


