Edelweiss General Meeting
Thursday 16th Oct 2003

Location:
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's
17 Madden Grove
Kew 3101

Meeting Open:
8:10pm

Attendees:
Hamish & Jodie Farrow
Bill, Gilbert, Shirl Farrow
Francina Macdonald
Peter Smith
Ranald & Judy McCowan
Ingrid, Bill, Katrina Mitton

Apologies:
Gerri & Peter Twomey
Kerry & Sam Harry
Marga & Peri MacDonald
Georgina McCowan
Chris & James Mitton
Jane Holland
Les & Lou Weibenga
Greg McKern
Grant, Craig, Dianne McKern
Dorothy Smith

Minutes of previous meeting:
Francina moved to pass as accurate, seconded by Gilbert Farrow.

Correspondence:
None.

Business Arising:
Cabin Operating Procedure and Membership List - to be put on the members
only webpage. (in progress)
Changes to booking system - to be handled later in the meeting.

Presidents Report:
(Ranald McCowan)

The Cabin was well used over the ski season. It was a good season.
The booking officer (Francina) was kept very busy - thanks to Francina.
Cabin Redevelopment
  Further discussions about options with P.P.Fielder
  Have not yet seen Tom Pellie (spell?) from Mt.Hotham
  Scaled down redevelopment versions are being considered. Looked at the
pre-fabricated staff buildings that they are putting up at Mt.Buller
(pictures shown at meeting).  We will be able to look at these building at
Mt.Buller early next year after they have been completed.
  Our lease has 13 years left. Redevelopment will help us renegotiate for
much longer (~50 years).
  The Sewer connection issue was discussed. We are not going to connect at
this time since we would have to provide the pump (~$35k). 
  The club will discuss the redevelopment with Perri MacDonald who is now a
developer.
  The market at Mt.Hotham is currently flooded, with the free-hold
developments such as the Pan Handle development.

Cabin Manager's Report:
(Peter Smith)
There is no longer any parking opposite the Lodge due to snow conditions and
Mt.Hotham Management.
The Snow Blower was blowing snow down onto the Lodge.
The drive-way was blocked by snow pushed by the Snow Grader.
Mt.Hotham Management is now aware of our problem and will provide "Loading
Bays" opposite the Lodge for our use. They will also try to keep the drive
clear.
Work Party jobs for next season
  Double bunks (in both small bunk rooms)
  Replace carpet
  Repair steel support cable above the cabin
  Install cupboards in bunkrooms (Peter Smith has a "new" modular kitchen
that we can use for this)
  Replace some kitchen cupboards (with above modular units)
  Put the ducted heating through the bottom of the cupboards to wombat proof
them
  Timber work in lounge room needs painting
Turn the Locker Room into a kids entertainment room
  Concrete the basement floor and put steel lockers down there for every
family.
  Carpet the Kids Room floor.
  Put in a TV, etc.
Working Party on Labour Day, 6-7-8th March 2004.
Second work party is also required - no date as yet.

Treasures Report:
(Francina Macdonald)
Report Attached
The Cabin was well used this year
Still have to pay Mt.Hotham Management fees/rates
Some subs are still outstanding
Some working bee subs are still outstanding
Bill Farrow and Francina to look at:
  Direct Deposit for Club subs and cabin fees
  Internet Banking to enable the treasurer and booking officer to view the
account balance (but not transactions).
  Mail out overdue notices along with these minutes.

General Business:
Allan Banfield has submitted a letter of resignation. Motion by Peter Smith
to offer "Life Membership" to Allan Banfield, seconded by Hamish Farrow.
Cabin Booking System
  Look at using Internet Direct Deposit facility.
  Discussion on requiring a booking deposit or full payment on booking.
  Use the webpage calendar to show booking status. ie use different colours
for the booking entry to indicate unpaid, paid, or need people to take up
beds that have already been paid for.
  The proposal to be considered at the next meeting is: Pay in full at time
of booking, refundable up to 4 weeks prior to the booked date. After the cut
off date, if you can't fill the beds you have paid for, it is up to the
member to organise someone else to take over the beds (and not to involve
the treasurer).  This aims to maximise the usage of the cabin, and keep the
treasure's jobs as simple as possible.
    Members contact details need to be made available on the web, including
mobile phone numbers.
    Members priority over other members guests is currently 2 weeks. This
should be changed to 4 weeks to bring it in line with the pre-payment
cut-off.
    Do we need a "No Snow" policy ?
    A Decision on this proposal will be made at the next meeting. Please
send any comments to the President or Secretary, and come and vote at the
next meeting.
  
There is now a "Photo Board" in the Cabin, so don't forget to take some
photos up to add to it.

Next Meeting:
Thursday 4th December 2003
7:30pm (8pm start)
Hamish & Jodie Farrow's
17 Madden Grove
Kew 3101
Phone: (03) 9852 7978

Meeting Closed:
~ 9:45pm
Bill Farrow
