<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE></TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="OpenOffice.org 2.0  (Linux)">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20040516;15352300">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20061005;9012000">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		@page { size: 21cm 29.7cm; margin: 2cm }
		P { margin-left: 1cm; margin-bottom: 0.21cm }
		H2 { margin-top: 0.1cm; margin-bottom: 0.1cm }
		H2.western { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif }
		H2.cjk { font-family: "Arial" }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-AU" DIR="LTR">
<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><FONT SIZE=6 STYLE="font-size: 28pt"><U><B>Edelweiss
General Meeting</B></U></FONT></P>
<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><FONT SIZE=5 STYLE="font-size: 20pt">Wednesday
5th October 2006</FONT></P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Location:</H2>
<P>Sandy Clark</P>
<P>20 Berry Rd</P>
<P>East Melbourne, Vic 3002 
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Open:</H2>
<P>8:00 pm 
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Attendees:</H2>
<P>Bill Mitton, Bill Farrow, Ranald &amp; Judy McCowan, Andrew
Jackson, Peter Smith, Gerry Twomey, Sandy Clark.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Apologies:</H2>
<P>Wiebenga's, Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Shirely &amp; Gilbert Farrow,
Alexander Gordon, Chris &amp; James &amp; Katrina Mitton, Georg
McCowan. Jenniffer &amp; Joanna &amp; Kate Jackson.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Previous Meeting Minutes:</H2>
<P>Minutes of last meeting. Proposed by Andrew, 2<SUP>nd</SUP> Bill
Mitton</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Business Arising:</H2>
<P>None</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Correspondence:</H2>
<P>Mount Hotham Management – Requirement for mains powered smoke
alarms. (already installed at the cabin)</P>
<P><BR><BR>
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Presidents Report:</H2>
<P>(Ranald McCowan)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Not much snow this year.  Cabin
	attendance was very high given that there was little snow.</P>
	<LI><P>Need to make sure it was used over the summer period as well.
	We have changed the summer rates to make it more attractive.</P>
	<LI><P>Appartment sales on the mountain are not very strong.</P>
	<LI><P>Thanks to the Treasurer and booking officer for keeping up
	with the winter bookings and payment.</P>
	<LI><P>There are 2 officer bearer positions yet to be filled, may
	have to ask people more directly to take them on.  (President and
	Cabin Manager).</P>
	<LI><P>We have taken in 5 new members this year.</P>
	<LI><P>We continue to cover our expenses with our subscription and
	cabin fees.</P>
	<LI><P>We won't need to spend to much more on cabin workparties.</P>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">Treasures Report:</H2>
<P>(Judy McCowan)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P>Still do not have access to the ANZ account.  Further
	paperwork was filled out tonight.</P>
	<LI><P>Westpac has ~$27k (operating account) which really needs to
	be moved into the ANZ.</P>
	<LI><P>Some of the new members have paid their joining fees into the
	ANZ account but this can not be confirmed as yet.</P>
	<LI><P>Having difficulty contacting Greg McKern – Peter Smith will
	assist in locating him.</P>
	<LI><P>Almost all subscription fees have been paid.</P>
	<LI><P>Having difficulty in reconciling payments with bookings.</P>
	<LI><P>It is unreasonable for people to have to pay for bookings if
	there is no snow.  We need a “No Snow” policy.</P>
	<LI><P></P>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">“Not” the Cabin Manager's Report:</H2>
<P>(Peter Smith)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Refer to attached <A HREF="2006-02-16_Cabin_Managers_Report.html">report</A>
	and <A HREF="2006-02-16_Work_Party.html">work party</A> documents.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">No complaints</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">2007 Labour Day work party – a
	few left over jobs.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Gas Log Heater – Ingrid will be
	running a raffle to raise funds</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Peter Smith has remained as the
	first point of contact for Hotham Management</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Greg McKern has re-married 
	</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Grant McKern has no further
	interest in the club</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">We need to leave the pilot light
	on in the heater to stop it gumming up</P>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">General Business:</H2>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><B>Booking System</B></P>
</UL>
<OL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">We will decide on the 2007 cabin
	fees and booking policy at the December meeting.</P>
</OL>
<UL>
	<LI><P><B>Other Business</B></P>
</UL>
<OL>
	<LI><P STYLE="font-weight: medium">Do we need more new members given
	that the some McKerns are dropping out ?  Leave the new memberships
	open for 1 more and we will consider the position at the December
	meeting.</P>
</OL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Next Meeting:</H2>
<P>Sunday 10th December 2006<BR>12 noon (8pm start)<BR><BR><BR>
</P>
<P>Details to be advised</P>
<P>Ingrid Mitton (Social Coordinator)  03 9890 2970</P>
<P><BR><BR>
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Appologies for next meeting</H2>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Closed:</H2>
<P>9.00pm<BR>Bill Farrow</P>
<P><BR><BR>
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>