<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE></TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="OpenOffice.org 2.3  (Linux)">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20040516;15352300">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20071031;333100">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		@page { size: 21cm 29.7cm; margin: 2cm }
		TD P { margin-left: 1cm; margin-bottom: 0.21cm }
		P { margin-left: 1cm; margin-bottom: 0.21cm }
		H2 { margin-top: 0.1cm; margin-bottom: 0.1cm }
		H2.western { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif }
		H2.cjk { font-family: "Arial" }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-AU" DIR="LTR">
<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><FONT SIZE=6 STYLE="font-size: 28pt"><U><B>Edelweiss
General Meeting</B></U></FONT></P>
<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm"><FONT SIZE=5 STYLE="font-size: 20pt">Tuesday
30th October 2007</FONT></P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Location:</H2>
<P>Hamish and Jodie Farrow</P>
<P>17 Madden Grove</P>
<P>Kew, Vic 3101 
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Open:</H2>
<P>8:15 pm 
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Attendees:</H2>
<P>Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Gilbert and Shirely Farrow, Andrew &amp;
Jennifer Jackson, Scott McAllaster, Flynt Harry, Peter Smith, Judy
McCowan, Ingrid and Bill Mitton, Martin Brown.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Apologies:</H2>
<P>Kerry Harry, Katrina Chris Mitton, Kate Jackson, Andrew
Torn-Broers , Michael Torn-Broers, Dorithy Smith, Stirling &amp;
Cheryl Preston</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Previous Meeting Minutes:</H2>
<P>Minutes of July 2007 meeting.</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Business Arising:</H2>
<P>Letter of application to join the club from Julie Hale (neighbours
of the Jackson's).</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Correspondence:</H2>
<P>None</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Presidents Report:</H2>
<P>(Hamish Farrow)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Gerry Twomey will be sadly missed.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Margret Tommas also passed away
	since the last meeting and she will be also be missed</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Reasonably good ski season this
	year</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Discussion how the club makes
	decisions.  Simple matters should be settled on at the meeting, and
	major issues should be notified to the members so that those who
	can't make it to the meetings can have a say.  Matters for broad
	club input will be emailed and listed in agenda for the following
	meeting, and written responses or attendances at the following
	meeting will have equal weight for the vote.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Directions for the future of the
	club, we want to build on the work that has already been done by the
	subcomittee.  The lease ends in 2017, and we want to be in a good
	position to demand that the lease is extended.  Either we review the
	redevelopment plans for the now and put it to a developer, or decide
	to leave it for 5 years and hope that the weather improves and we
	get more snow.</P>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">Treasures Report:</H2>
<P>(Judy McCowan)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P>$100k in the bank.</P>
	<LI><P>The subscription fees have come in well.  Quite a number of
	younger members are overseas (11) which reduces the income a fair
	bit.</P>
	<LI><P>The fixed costs of running the cabin is just under $11k, and
	the running fees are about $9k.  Outgoing is $20k, total income this
	year $25k.</P>
	<LI><P>We could consider subs fees for children and increasing the
	overseas membership fees.</P>
</UL>
<H2 CLASS="western">Cabin Manager's Report:</H2>
<P>(Andrew Grey)</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">New gas heater with excellent
	instructions</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">General Business:</H2>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Re-development ?</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Peter Smith – there is always a
	shortage of tradesmen.  The developers of Moritz have learnt from
	their mistakes about building units with no view. They would want to
	make 40% on the development.  There major difficulty is the
	availability of concrete on the mountain.  The new subteranian
	development may lead to the reopening of the quarry and opening a
	concrete plant.  This will make things easier for us to do the
	redevelopment.  Peter thinks that we would be better to develop in
	conjunction with a developer, or do it ourselves.  All we need is a
	program manager.  We have one of the 12 significant sites on the
	mountain, we just need to work out what to build to maximise the use
	of the site.  We can pre-sell the units, and it would take 2 seasons
	to do.  Even though there is a supply, the demand keeps going up,
	and there is no more alpine land available for developmern. The
	marketing for Rays Development will bring even more money to the
	mountain, and they are pre-selling units that wont be there for
	another 5 years. The difference of giving it to a developer and
	doing it ourselves, is that instead of getting a 3 bedroom unit out
	of it, we get a 50 square club facility.  Our site is worth about
	$4M due to the density of units that we are allowed.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Hamish has been in contact with
	another lodge whos lease is up in 2017.  They are looking at the
	same thing, and we could join with them to do a development.  Peter
	says that we are at a “Significant Site”, which puts us at an
	advantage. (Taki – aprox 30 members, out the back of Jack Frost).</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish - Are
	the club memebers comfortable with doing the re-development
	ourselves ?</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Judy – What
	are the costs invloved with doing the redevelopment ?</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish – We
	shouldn't take on any new members without knowing what the future
	costs will be.  Is is a redevelopment levy or a demolition and
	removale levy in 10 years time.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Andrew –
	The alternative to a big development is to do a smaller development
	using the pre-fab buildings.  This may be more manageable for us,
	and the club may end up with a descrete unit which would keep the
	club atmosphere.  This won't please the mountain management as much
	as a mega development.  We have been at this for 6 years and we have
	spent $10k on the geotech survey.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter Smith –
	the goetech survey was required otherwise we would have lost the
	site 6 years ago.  They had another developer lined up to take the
	site.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish –
	Global warming will reduce our ski season and more than a 20 year
	lease might not be worth it.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter says
	that the units with shorter term leases aren't selling well.  We
	should be aiming for a 50 year lease.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish –
	Can the redevelopment committee (Andrew Jackson, Peter Smith,
	Ranald, Martin Brown) give us a rough idea of the costs if we
	redevelop the site ourselves.We need to look at the big development
	and the smaller scale development, and relate these to the length of
	lease these would provide – aiming at sufficient lease to allow
	for commercial sale of the accom.</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Fees and Costs</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter Smith –
	increasing the overseas fees may force some people to leave the
	club, and they are the future of the club.  The fees are a large hit
	for the younger members.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Martin –
	Not happy that the fees have kept increasing since he joined. 
	Proposes that overseas members pay more than $50, and if they want
	to use the cabin then they should pay the remainder of the
	membership fees.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter – we
	could determine how much we are down on the running costs each year
	and have a levy to distribute the shortfall.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Judy – we
	used to have a members, spouse, and child subscriptions fees.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish asked
	Judy to leave the Subs and Cabin Fees as they are for this year, 
	and put together some costing for different options for Student
	rates, altered overseas rates to either double current or half full
	fee for consideration at the next AGM.</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm"><BR><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Basement re-arangement</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter Smith –
	There is new timber downstairs for rebuilding the lounge benches. 
	The workbench should be moved under the window and steel lockers put
	in it's place.  They should be high enough to store skis.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Bill Mitton –
	we could ask people to pay say $50 for a locker.  If you want to
	keep skis up there then you should have to pay for that storage.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Bill Mitton –
	downstairs needs a clean out anyway.  All members need to identify
	or retrieve their skis, or they will be thrown out.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish –
	The lockers can go in at a work party and we will decide on the
	allocation of  lockers downstairs at the next meeting. Anyone
	interested in having a locker should make that known at or by the
	next meeting. Please identify your existing locker if you have one,
	as we will consider a reallocation of the whole number of lockers
	once the new ones are in.</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Washing
Machine</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Peter -
	Washing Machine which was intended as part of the OH&amp;S, and it
	was decided against at the last meeting.  The costs of laundering
	the sheets, covers, etc would pay for a washing machine in the first
	year.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Ingrid -
	There are commercial washing machines on the mountain.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish – we
	could make it a rule that it is only used on work parties.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Bill Farrow –
	add a item into the cabin operating instructions to check that it is
	empty.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Judy – we
	would need a drier as well.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish –
	the cabin manager will purchase and install a washing
	machine.Intention is to use White Crystal commercial wash/dry
	machines annually for the bedding largescale stuff. Teatowels and
	pillowslips etc can be done on the fly in the lodge.</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">New
Members</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish -
	Should we be considering new members ?  They would need to be
	informed of the future of the club and potential costs of
	redevelopment.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Would new
	members put pressure on getting beds during the ski season.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">2007 – 570
	bed nights,  2006 – 600 bed nights, 2005 – 380 bed nights (low).</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium"> We
	originally worked out that we needed 4 new members, which we got.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">The guest bed
	income brings in a lot of money each year.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish.
	Meeting concludes no new members now - president will keep a waiting
	list for potential new members, please contact Hamish if you have
	applictions.</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Meetings
and Communication</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Hamish would
	like to apologise for the postponement of the October meeting.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Flynt will
	take over the office of Secretary</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Scott may
	consider treasurer in due course, but Judy is content to remain at
	present</P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Work
Party</P>
<UL>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium">Proposed work
	party for Labour Day weekend, pending the Cabin Manager's approval.</P>
	<LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm; font-weight: medium"></P>
</UL>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm"><BR>
</P>
<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm; margin-bottom: 0cm">Task List</P>
<TABLE WIDTH=565 BORDER=1 CELLPADDING=2 CELLSPACING=3>
	<COL WIDTH=122>
	<COL WIDTH=424>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P><B>Assigned To</B></P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P><B>Task</B></P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>Bill</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P>Mail out meeting reminder. Workparty notice, 
			</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>Andrew Gray</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P>Talk to Bill Mitton about the heater</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>Andrew Gray</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P>Install new washing machine, install lockers, clean up
			downstairs, and update the instruction manual to reflect heater
			and washing machine.</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>All Members</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P>Identify or Retrieve their Skis</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>All Members</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P>Say if you want a locker or not, including if you have an
			existing locker</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>Judy</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">suggest rate change for full time
			students, overseas members.</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P>All Members</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm"> consider the type of accomodation you
			want for our club, and what financial involvement you may
			contemplate.</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
	<TR>
		<TD WIDTH=122>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Development Committee</P>
		</TD>
		<TD WIDTH=424>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0cm">Produce an idea of cash flow required
			for development. Discuss with Rays options of development. Tie ARC
			down on lease given for medium development and major development –
			ie what is our minimum to get a commercial lease ?</P>
		</TD>
	</TR>
</TABLE>
<H2 CLASS="western"><BR><BR>
</H2>
<H2 CLASS="western">Next Meeting:</H2>
<P>Tuesday 5th Feburary 2008<BR>7:30pm (8pm start)<BR><BR><BR>
</P>
<P>Hamish Farrow</P>
<P>17 Madden Grove</P>
<P>Kew,Vic 3101</P>
<P>Home (03) 9852 7978</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Appologies for next meeting</H2>
<P>Mittons</P>
<H2 CLASS="western">Meeting Closed:</H2>
<P>10.10pm<BR>Bill Farrow</P>
<P><BR><BR>
</P>
</BODY>
</HTML>