

                      Edelweiss_General_Meeting
                        Tuesday 22nd July 2008

Location:

Hamish and Jodie Farrow
17 Madden Grove
Kew, Vic 3101

Meeting Open:

8:15 pm

Attendees:

Hamish and Jodie Farrow, Bill & Ingrid Mitton, Martin Brown, Andrew
Grey, Gilbert & Shirely Farrow.

Apologies:

Fflynt Harry, Peter Smith, Kerry Harry, Stirling Preston.

Previous Meeting Minutes:

Minutes of February 2008 meeting. Proposed by Hamish Farrow, seconded
by Andrew Grey.

Business Arising:

AGM planned for 27th August in 4 weeks - needs notice and formal
apology if not attending..

Correspondence:

None

Presidents Report:

(Hamish Farrow)

* Discussion entered into who runs and contributes to the club. We are
  keen to keep a club feel and encourage the camaraderie.
* I need to contact Flynt – new meeting date, and reminders
* Discussion regarding potential for a photo night, Ingrid will
  coordinate.


Treasures Report:

(Judy McCowan not attending)

Cabin Manager's Report:

(Andrew Grey)

* Some adjustments were attended to including doors, fittings etc.
  Soap, washing up detergent and loo paper restocked. Instructions for
  heater lighting need to be made simpler (Martin Brown will do this).
* If lighting the heater and the spanner symbol shows – the full
  instructions are in the folders upstairs. When leaving the cabin in
  winter simply turn the temp control to minimal (and leave it on).
* Batteries for torches needed (Martin Brown to sort)
* Washing machine is in, under cabin is cleaned out, and arrangement
  of space for lockers is done – members can bring a locker up (you
  can ask Martin where to get them). Bench has been moved.



General Business:



* Andrew Gray went up for opening weekend – with no snow. Shirley
  Farrow Proposed that the season is deemed to start only when the
  lifts start running. Thus the opening weekend this year would be
  regarded as still under summer rates . Seconded by Bill Mitton, and
  passed by the meeting. Andrew should therefore get a refund to the
  tune of summer rates.
* The large village development seems to have fallen over and there
  may be room for smaller developments. This will be discussed at the
  AGM including a call for financial input from members.


Task List
 ___________________________________________________________________
|Assigned_To__________|Task_________________________________________|
|Hamish_______________|Discuss_with_Bill_refund_for_Andrew_Grey.____|
|Hamish_______________|Discuss_with_Flynt_re_new_dates_for_meetings.|
|Hamish_______________|Agenda_for_next_meeting_(AGM)._______________|
|Ingrid               |Ingrid to create a flyer for the AGM and send|
|_____________________|via_snail_mail.______________________________|
|                     |Summarise our position and put this to the   |
|Development Committee|members 2 weeks prior to the AGM. (ie PDF on |
|_____________________|the_website)._Peter_Smith____________________|






Next Meeting: The AGM !!!!

Wednesday 27th August 2008
7:30pm (8pm start)


Hamish Farrow
17 Madden Grove
Kew,Vic 3101
Home (03) 9852 7978

Appologies for next meeting

None

Meeting Closed:

9.10pm
Hamish Farrow


