
                   Edelweiss Annual General Meeting
                        Wednesday 27 August 08

Location:
  Hamish & Jodie Farrow
  17 Madden Grove
  Kew,Vic 3101
  Meeting Open:
  8:00 pm

Attendees:
  Hamish & Jodie Farrow, Fran MacDonald, Judy McCowan, Sheryl Preston,
  Andrew Jackson, Joanna Jackson , Bill & Ingrid Mitton, Martin Brown,
  Scott McAlister, Peter Smith, Peter Twomey, Andrew Gey

Apologies:
  Les & Lou Wiebenga, Elizabeth Laws,

Previous Meeting Minutes:
  Minutes of last AGM and last meeting. Proposed by, 2nd.

Business Arising:
* Telstra Phone is not working at all – we have an Telstra person
  coming to check it. Telstra fixed the wiring in January, and it was
  not working last week and Telstra says that it is their end. Andrew
  Grey says that the curtain is pulling at the wiring to the phone.
  Phone rental has been changed to home line basic.
* The Cabin Heater failed and has been replaced. Martin Brown will try
  to document the instructions for the new heater and email them to
  Bill Farrow to add to the Cabin Operating Instructions.
* Issues raised: -technical issue with wesite, e-mail Hamish for
  further issues, will correspond with Bill.
* Proposed Social secretary: For yearly events- committee to consist
  of: Fran Macdonald.
* Kerry Harry made life member (Proposed by Pete Smith in the July08
  AGM)- Motion carried by all- membership granted.
* Andrew to be refunded due to No Snow/No Show for his booking-
  denied, alternative proposed by Judy.
* Cigarettes (used butts etc.) were found in basement during Pete
  Smiths last occupation, lodge is strictly non smoking.
* Found a box of cat food in lodge, reminder that animals are
  prohibited from being on the mountain.
* Snow removal from decking.The decking is ageing and with the high
  snowfalls this year, compacted snow or ice adds considerable weight
  to the structure. 1 cubic metre of ice is roughly one tonne. With
  snow up to the windows this year, it is imperative that members as a
  condition of occupancy make a conscious effort to clear the decking.


Correspondence:
  No correspondance.

Presidents Report:
  (Hamish Farrow)
  This has been a year of good snow,
  Development on the mountain has had its issues, with I would suggest a
  slowing in enthusiasm. There are global economic changes and the
  consideration of climate change becoming more part of daily life,
  which may in the future limit our seasons further here, but also make
  travel to distant ski centres internationally harder and far more
  expensive.
  The club remains a family club, and not a commercial provider of
  accommodation, and space in the lodge remains relatively easy to find,
  which is a great facility for those who use it.
  I feel we have become however a club without the same sense of
  community that was held in days gone by. The smaller hiccups in the
  running of the club become the stuff of emails and rule formulations,
  where a friendly face to face chat would once have sufficed. I for one
  would like to try to bond this club together more over coming years,
  and cherish the things that make us special and different to the
  commercial flat experience found elsewhere on the hill. I would like
  to consider moving the meetings again from house to house so we can
  interact in each others homes – and learn again why we belong to
  this club.

Treasures Report:
  (Judy McCowan)

* Financial Report and Assets and Liabilities reports tabled. Compares
  this year with the last 5 years.
* The subscriptions are slightly down due to 2 members converting to
  Life Membership and 3 members being overseas.
* Interest in the ANZ was greater this year due to new members joining
  fees in the account.
* Gas was higher this year, perhaps due to the old heater.
* Last year we spent a lot on the cabin (new beds, etc).
* Next year Judy will need to cover some stationary costs.
* Current account balances: Westpac $27,000 ANZ $77,620
* Collecting Subscriptions last year was a hassle.
* Payments for Cabin bookings are becoming very hard to reconcile with
  payments not matching what is owed. Members need to email Judy and
  Bill when they make an online payment.
* We are doing well financially.
* We should continue with the $50 fee for members living permanently
  overseas.
* Cudos to Bill Farrow for logging finances on the internet!!!
* Judy proposed We should raise subs on a yearly basis by 4% ($15) a
  year to cover ongoing climbs in interest
* Raise price of holding membership for overseas members, $100.00-
* Pete smith proposes full sub payment for O/S members but no work
  party Levy.
* Cabin bookings consist of 550 beds, $6,645, Down on last year.

  Spousal memberships- Constitution stipulates that spouse may stay and
  supervise non members/Children under insurance policy, however not
  young me.
  Proposed Off peake and on Peake months to be two months- proposed
  price- 50% off during time for Guests. (to account for no snow risk) Motion;
  (to be applied to June and potentially September) with exception of
  Queens Birthday Weekend
  Proposed Judy Macgowan Seconded by Ingrid Mitton/Fflynt harry.
  New proposal- Months of June/Sept will be treated as off peake, and
  guest rates are to be charged at 50% off during that time- Motion
  passed by vote in favour.

Cabin Manager's Report:
(Peter Smith)

  Proposals from Peter Smith:
  New: Not much to add. Controls are installed for heaters- batteries
  to be purchased.
  (Bill Mitten) Bus drivers asked to have reflective tape applied to
  lodge, bus will stop.
  Leaving heater on 8.
  No rubbish at stop 8, must be moved to rabbit hutch up the mountain
  (Hoys).
  Want hutch built in corner of bus stop.

  Items for next year’s work party: 1. Paint exterior. 2. Chair rail
  required on boot room window. 3. Change hot water plumbing to showers
  from 1/2inch to 3/4inch copper pipe to allow both showers to run
  simultaneously without pressure drop. 4. Ceiling lights in bedrooms
  and lounge require upgrading. Due proximity to top bunks, an earth
  circuit will be required to each light fitting.
  Redevelopmentcommitteereport:
  Work to be done as per last meeting-

* Meeting with Hotham Board, positive, looking toward more of a club
  overview than one of a development project.
* Manufactured housing option: Kentucky Napier- Price has risen since,
  may no longer be an option. Cost is too high, more components needed
  for building in snow environments.
* Rennovation of current complex not an option, Kentucky Napier Vs.
  Local builder proposal to be compared and submitted to club members
* 250,000 for 4 bedroom unit above Eidelweiss.
* Parking- will be needed by hotham if size of lodge. 1 park needs to
  be built per 3 ppl.
* Hotham management fine with 33 year lease provided that we develop
  in some manner.
* Must keep lodges separate. Or old lodge must be upgraded to same
  standard. (not an option)
* Deadline for planning and submission of new works, 10 years for
  extension of lease.
* Hamish Proposes Redevelopment committee be granted authority to act.
* Cost per square on mountain is roughly $30,000 per square.
* Decision for A members to come up with 10K each for funding of
  development? To be raised at next AGM.


General Business:

* Bill Mitton proposes that we get rid of all lockers and make more
  room. Martin Brown disagrees, he is has stocked his locker ready for
  his winter trip, and carting everything in and out is a pain. Bill
  Mitton says that the area under the cabin is a dumping ground and he
  cleaned it out 2 years ago and it is full again this year. This will
  be delt with at the next meeting.
* Subscription Rates: Full Members $400 (up from $370), Spouse $60,
  Junior $60, overseas $50.
* Hamish proposes that look at raising the cabin fees at the next
  meeting.
* Hamish proposes that Peter Smith has an extra work party credit for
  use next year or for a family member.
* Do all members have a email address ? Judy will ask all members to
  provide email addresses along with the subscription payment
  invoices.
* Send Peter Smith a big thankyou for his tireless work as Cabin
  Manager.


Election of Office Bearers:

  President- Remains Hamish Farrow.
  Pete Smith- Remains Cabin Manager.
  Secretary- Fflynt Harry, backed by Scott (to be re-appointed at next
  AGM) Proposed Hamish 2ndP.S.
  Tresurer- Judy Macgowan.
  Social Secretary: Fran Macdonald Proposed Hamish 2ndPete Smith

Task List:

 ____________________________________________________________________
|Assigned_To___|Task_________________________________________________|
|              |Website to be upgraded with labeled photos of        |
|Bill          |members. Fflynt suggests a separate facebook page if |
|______________|easier.______________________________________________|
|Fran Macdonald|To organize end of year social event for December –|
|______________|Suggest_BBQ_or_something_of_like_nature._____________|
|Peri and Sandy|To find out loan reality and financial planning for  |
|______________|lodge_for_next_AGM.(250k_Vs._450K)___________________|
|Pete Smith    |Kentucky Napier Vs. Local builder proposal to be     |
|______________|compared_and_submitted_to_club_members.______________|


Next Meeting:
  Wednesday 12th November at 8:00pm
  Hamish & Jodie Farrow
  17 Madden Grove
  Kew,Vic 3101
  Home (03) 9852 7978

Apologies for next meeting:


